The Project Gutenberg eBook of Catalog of Copyright Entries Third Series,
Volume 27, Parts 12-13, Number 1, by Copyright Office Library of Congress

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States, you
will have to check the laws of the country where you are located before
using this eBook.

Title: Catalog of Copyright Entries Third Series, Volume 27, Parts
       12-13, Number 1
       Motion Pictures and Filmstrips 1973

Author: Copyright Office Library of Congress

Release Date: November 2, 2021 [eBook #66625]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

Produced by: Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team
             at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was produced from images
             generously made available by The Internet Archive)

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES THIRD
SERIES, VOLUME 27, PARTS 12-13, NUMBER 1 ***




                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_


                                                          ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_
                    Volume 27, Parts 12–13, Number 1




                            Motion Pictures

                              January-June
                                  1973


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE • THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1974




                           L.C. card 6–35347

                  This number identifies the Library
                  of Congress printed card for the
                  complete series of the _Catalog of
                  Copyright Entries_.

                  For sale by the Superintendent of
                  Documents, U.S. Government Printing
                  Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.
                  Price of this part is given on page
                  vi.

                  _ISSN 0090–8371 Key title: Catalog
                  of copyright entries. Third series.
                  Parts 12–13. Motion pictures._




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $75 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20559.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F   Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I  Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI,
       BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

   P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
       possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

   U   Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible
       for either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                         _Price per
                                                      semiannual issue_

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials
               and Contributions to Periodicals (In
               2 sections)                                        $10.00

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 2    Periodicals                             (Annual issue) 6.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
               Delivery                                             3.00

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for
               oral delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 5    Music (In 2 sections)                                 10.00

      E      Musical compositions

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                       3.00

      F      Maps

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of
               Art, Scientific and Technical
               Drawings, Photographic Works, Prints
               and Pictorial Illustrations                         $3.00

      G      Works of art and models or designs for
               works of art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a
               scientific or technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations

  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels            (Annual issue) 5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                        3.00

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations




                  Subscription price: Complete
                  _Catalog_ for the year $75.00;
                  $18.75 additional for foreign
                  mailing. Orders, accompanied by
                  remittances, should be addressed to
                  the Superintendent of Documents,
                  U.S. Government Printing Office,
                  Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations    1

                       Renewal Registrations   43

                       Name Index              55




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M. Films for which the copyright has been
renewed are listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The
motion pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons,
industrial films, classroom films, television films, etc.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names of individuals or organizations contributing to the
       production of the film.

  7) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  8) Application title if it varies substantially in wording from the
       title as it is given in the work.

  9) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

 10) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

 11) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 12) Copyright symbol ©.

 13) Name of the copyright claimant.

 14) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures, application, and fee) was received in the Copyright
       Office.

 15) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase, “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP41500.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations January-June 1973


 Class L—  Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              952

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                13

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                      13

 Class M—  Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              756

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays         142

                                                                   —————

                               Total                               1,876

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                           623

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for January-June 1973, but do not necessarily represent the exact number
of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                            MOTION PICTURES




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures
registered during the period covered by this issue. References from
variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

ABO AND RH: SLIDE METHOD. See

  BLOOD TYPING: ABO AND RH: SLIDE METHOD.

ABOUT A CENTURY. American Telephone & Telegraph Co. Made by CCA Film
Makers. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © AT&T a.a.d.o. American Telephone &
Telegraph Co.; 21Dec72; LP42367.

ABOUT DINNERTIME. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Films, Inc.;
30Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24095.

ABOUT FARMERS. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Films, Inc.;
30Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24094.

ABOUT GLASS. Films, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Films, Inc.;
8Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP24097.

ABOUT RIVERS. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Films, Inc.;
8Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24093.

ABOUT RUBBER. Films, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Films, Inc.;
8Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP24096.

ABRA CADAVER. See

  THE PARTNERS.

ABSENCE MAKES THE HEART GROW NERVOUS. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 31.

THE ACCOUNTANT. Reality Films. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
authors: David A. Davies & Isaac Blech. © Reality Films; 5Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); LP41793.

ACHIEVING SEXUAL MATURITY. John Wiley & Sons. Made by FilmFair
Communications. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Wiley &
Sons, Inc., employer for hire. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 11Apr73;
MP24124.

ACROSS 110TH STREET. Film Guarantors. Released by United Artists Corp.
102 min., sd., color, 35 min. From the novel by Wally Ferris. © United
Artists Corp.; 20Dec72; LP41424.

ACTION OF PITUITARY HORMONES. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23653.

THE ADAGE GRAPHICS SYSTEM—INTERACTIVE COMPUTER GRAPHICS. Blake Films. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Blake Films; 20Nov72; MP23481.

ADAM–12. Mark VII. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Universal Studios. ©
Adam–12 Productions.

  Adoption. © 28Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41859.

  Ambush. © 5Nov71; LP41873.

  Anniversary. © 8Oct71; LP41869.

  Assassination. © 3Dec71; LP41875.

  Back-up one L–20. © 18Feb72; LP41861.

  Citizens all. © 31Dec71; LP41878.

  Day watch. © 19Nov71; LP41874.

  The dinosaur. © 10Dec71; LP41876.

  Extortion. © 10Sep71; LP41865.

  Eyewitness. © 3Mar72; LP41863.

  The ferret. © 27Oct71; LP41871.

  The grandmothers. © 24Sep71; LP41867.

  Mary Hong loves Tommy Chen. © 4Feb72; LP41898.

  Million dollar buff. © 17Sep71; LP41866.

  The parole violator. © 21Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41858.

  Pick-up. © 29Dec71; LP41877.

  Princess and the pig. © 8Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41856.

  The radical. © 1Oct71; LP41868.

  The search. © 15Oct71; LP41870.

  Sub-station. © 11Feb72; LP41860.

  The tip. © 14Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41857.

  Truant. © 29Oct71; LP41872.

  The Wednesday warrior. © 10Mar72; LP41864.

  Who won? © 25Feb72; LP41862.

ADAPTATIONS OF BIRDS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
15Jun72; MP23445.

ADMINISTRATION OF THOMAS JEFFERSON. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 25Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP23681.

ADOBE OVEN BUILDING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 290) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23475.

ADOPTION. See

  ADAM–12.

ADPDYPAHEMCAIFSS. See

  THAT GIRL.

ADVENTURE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  The dive to the unknown. Telecast: Apr. 10, 1970. © 9Apr70; MP23379.

  The frozen world of seals and walrus. Telecast: Dec. 30, 1970. ©
  29Dec70; MP23380.

  The incredible auto race. Telecast: Mar. 27, 1970. © 26Mar70; MP23378.

  Lure of the tall ship. Telecast: May 16, 1971. © 15May71; MP23375.

  Penguin city. Telecast: Jan. 20, 1971. © 19Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
  MP23374.

  Savage waters/savage beast. Telecast: Mar. 20, 1970. © 19Mar70;
  MP23377.

  The trail of the feathered serpent. Telecast: Mar. 6, 1970. © 5Mar70;
  MP23376.

AFRICAN ANIMALS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 31Jan70; MP24086.

AFTERMATH. See

  LASSIE.

L'AGE D'OR. Cinematheque Francaise. 63 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Charles
de Noailles; 2Mar73; LU3642.

L'AGE D'OR (The age of gold) Raymond Rohauer. 67 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
English subtitles. NM: subtitles, abridgment & revision. © Raymond
Rohauer; 1Apr72; LP41641.

AIR CARGO—DIAL FOR MURDER. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

AIRPLANE TRIP. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. 4th ed. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 20Dec61,
12335. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 21Dec72 (in notice:
1973); MP23732.

THE ALAN BRADY SHOW GOES TO JAIL. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

ALFENIQUE HOUSE AT PUEBLA. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23423.

ALIAS FESTUS HAGGIN. See

  GUNSMOKE.

ALIAS SMITH AND JONES. Universal - Public Arts Productions. Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal - Public
Arts Productions.

  Bad night in Big Butte. © 2Mar72; LP41527.

  The biggest game in the West. © 29Jan72; LP41523.

  The bounty hunter. © 9Dec71; LP41553.

  The day they hanged Kid Curry. © 16Sep71; LP41542.

  Don't get mad, get even. © 17Feb72; LP41526.

  Dreadful sorry, Clementine. © 18Nov71; LP41551.

  Everything else you can steal. © 16Dec71; LP41554.

  How to rob a bank in one hard lesson. © 23Sep71; LP41543.

  Jailbreak at Junction City. © 30Sep71; LP41544.

  The McCreedy bust: going, going, gone. © 13Jan72; LP41520.

  The man who broke the bank at Red Gap. © 20Jan72; LP41521.

  The men that corrupted Hadleyburg. © 27Jan72; LP41522.

  Miracle at Santa Marta. © 30Dec71; LP41555.

  Night of the red dog. © 4Nov71; LP41549.

  The posse that wouldn't quit. © 14Oct71; LP41546.

  The reformation of Harry Briscoe. © 11Nov71; LP41550.

  Shootout at Diablo Station. © 2Dec71; LP41552.

  Six strangers at Apache Springs. © 28Oct71; LP41548.

  Smiler with a gun. © 7Oct71; LP41545.

  Something to get hung about. © 21Oct71; LP41547.

  21 days to Tenstrike. © 6Jan72; LP41519.

  What's in it for Mia? © 5Feb72; LP41524.

  Which way to the O.K. Corral? © 10Feb72; LP41525.

ALL THE PRETTY PEOPLE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

AMANDA FALLON, M.D. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

AMBUSH. See

  ADAM–12.

AMBUSH AT RIO LOBO. See

  BONANZA.

AMERICAN COLLEGE OF PHYSICIANS MEDICAL SKILLS LIBRARY. See

  ENDOTRACHEAL INTUBATION.

  TRACHEOSTOMY.

  VENOUS CUTDOWN.

THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © ABC Sports, Inc.

  Show no.

  1. © 8Dec72; MP23787.

  2. © 21Dec72; MP23788.

  3. © 8Jan73; MP23783.

  4. © 19Jan73; MP23784.

  5. © 23Jan73; MP23785.

  6. © 2Feb73; MP23786.

THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 50 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © ABC Sports, Inc.

  Show no.

  7. © 15Feb73; MP23933.

  8. © 15Feb73; MP23934.

  9. Appl. states prev. pub. 9Dec70, MP21583. NM: segment 3. © 28Feb73;
  MP23935.

  10. Appl. states prev. pub. 17Dec71, MP22619. NM: segments 1–2. ©
  4Mar73; MP24031.

ANALYTICAL CHROMATOGRAPHY. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl.
author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul68; MP23645.

ANATOMICAL BASIS OF BRAIN FUNCTION. See

  COMPENSATION FOR HEAD MOVEMENTS: VESTIBULAR SYSTEM.

  HEARING: AUDITORY SYSTEM.

ANATOMY OF A PRISON BREAK. See

  THE FBI.

ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE MARRIAGE. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
Cine-Image Productions. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jun72; MP23444.

ANATOMY OF THE HUMAN EYE. See

  THE CIRCULATION.

  THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE VISUAL PATHWAY.

ANCHORS AWEIGH, MEN OF STALAG 13. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE ANCIENT GAMES. ABC Sports. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ABC Sports,
Inc.; 5Oct72; MP24003.

ANCIENT INCA INDIANS OF SOUTH AMERICA. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 7Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP23734.

AND, I WANT SOME CANDY AND A GUN THAT SHOOTS. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

AND SO TO BED. William Ditzel Productions. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
William Ditzel Productions; 2Jan72; MP23433.

AND THEN IT HAPPENED. Seven Oaks/Starbecker Productions. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Eugene Norman Starbecker. © Seven
Oaks/Starbecker; 26Jun72; MP23519.

ANDY AND HELEN GET MARRIED. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW. Mayberry Enterprises. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Mayberry Enterprises.

  Andy's old girlfriend. © 7Nov66; LP42326.

  Aunt Bee's crowning glory. © 18Jul66; LP42313.

  Aunt Bee's restaurant. © 21Nov66; LP42328.

  The ball game. © 25Jul66; LP42314.

  Barney comes to Mayberry. © 12Dec66; LP42331.

  Big brother. © 6Feb67; LP42309.

  Big fish in a small town. © 15Aug66; LP42317.

  The Darling fortune. © 11Jul66; LP42312.

  Dinner at eight. © 17Oct66; LP42325.

  Don't miss a good bet. © 10Oct66; LP42324.

  Floyd's barbershop. © 28Nov66; LP42329.

  Goober makes history. © 1Aug66; LP42315.

  Goodbye, Dolly. © 9Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP42306.

  Helen, the authoress. © 2Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP42305.

  Howard, the comedian. © 23Jan67; LP42308.

  Mind over matter. © 22Aug66; LP42318.

  A new doctor in town. © 12Sep66; LP42320.

  Only a rose. © 26Sep66; LP42322.

  Opie finds a baby. © 19Sep66; LP42321.

  Opie's girlfriend. © 20Jun66; LP42311.

  Opie's most unforgettable character. © 13Feb67; LP42310.

  Opie's piano lesson. © 16Jan67; LP42307.

  Otis the deputy. © 3Oct66; LP42323.

  Politics begins at home. © 6Sep66; LP42319.

  The senior play. © 8Aug66; LP42316.

  The statue. © 14Nov66; LP42327.

  A visit to Barney Fife. © 5Dec66; LP42330.

THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW. Mayberry Enterprises. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Mayberry Enterprises.

  The barbershop quartet. © 27Jun66; LP42303.

  Goober's contest. © 1Mar67; LP42302.

  The lodge. © 5Jul66; LP42304.

ANDY'S OLD GIRLFRIEND. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

ANGRY MAN. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

ANIMALS FROM A FRESH-WATER STREAM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23540.

ANIMALS FROM A SALT-WATER AQUARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP23525.

ANNA PAVLOVA (Six dances of Anna Pavlova) Boltons Trading Corp. 12 min.,
sd., b&w, 35 mm. Appl. author: Douglas Fairbanks, Sr. © Boltons Trading
Corp.; 1Aug72; LP41503.

ANNIVERSARY. See

  ADAM–12.

ANTIQUE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ANY HEART IN A STORM. See

  LASSIE.

THE APARTMENT. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 39.

APPROXIMATE WEIGHING: SIMPLE LABORATORY BALANCES. Harper & Row,
Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of
chemistry) Loop film. Appl. author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul68; MP23639.

ARE YOU LISTENING. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 21
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 7Dec72; LP41639.

ARGIOPE CALLIOPE. Marvin Albert Films. Made by Marvin Albert. 9 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Marvin Albert Films; 15Feb72; MP23765.

ART FOR HOGAN'S SAKE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ART OF THE ANCIENTS. Dennis Andrew Hubbs. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Dennis Andrew Hubbs & Paul N. Arel; 20Apr73; MU8563.

ARTICULATION. See

  IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: ARTICULATION.

ASHEVILLE, NORTH CAROLINA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 100.

ASK ME AGAIN TOMORROW. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

ASSASSIN. See

  THE FBI.

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ASSASSINATION. See

  ADAM–12.

ASTRO ZOMBIES. Ram Productions. Released by Ram, Ltd. 83 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Ram Productions; 20Nov67; LP41636.

AT LAST—SCHULTZ KNOWS SOMETHING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ATLANTA, GEORGIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 68.

AUGUST 12TH. David R. Trapp, Jr. & Donald A. McCown, Jr. 6 min., si.,
color, 16 mm. © David R. Trapp, Jr. & Donald A. McCown, Jr.; 15Jan73;
LU3641.

AUNT BEE & THE CAPTAIN. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

AUNT BEE'S CROWNING GLORY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

AUNT BEE'S CRUISE. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

AUNT BEE'S RESTAURANT. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

AUSTRALIAN ANIMALS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 31Jan70; MP24087.

AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF MALCOLM X. See

  MALCOLM X.

AUTOMATED BOX MAIL PROCESSING SYSTEM II. Fairchild Industries. 12 min.,
sd. © Fairchild Industries, Inc.; 19Apr73; MU8585.

AVANTI. Phalanx-Jalem Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 144
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Corp. of
California & Produzioni Europee Associate. Based on the stage play by
Samuel Taylor. © Phalanx-Jalem Productions & Mirisch Corp. of
California; 19Dec72; LP41430.

AVATAR MEHER BABA IN DEHRA DUN 1954. Adi K. Irani. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Adi K. Irani; 20Mar72; MP23431.

AWAKENING. See

  LASSIE.

AXIS ANNIE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

AZIZI. Ram-Z II Productions. 30 min., sd., Videotape. Appl. author:
William Ramsey, Jr. a.k.a. Bill Ram-Z. © Ram-Z II Productions; 14Feb73;
MU8519.


                                   B

BABY FEEDING FOR NEW MOTHERS. Ross Laboratories. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Ross Laboratories; 1Jun72; MP24036.

BABY THERAPEUTIC. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE BABYSITTER. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

BACK-UP ONE L–20. See

  ADAM–12.

BAD DAY IN BERLIN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BAG OF TRICKS. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BAIT ONCE, BAIT TWICE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

THE BALL GAME. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

BALLPOINT PUNS. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

BANACEK. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. 106 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
18Mar72; LP41884.

BAPTISM. G & L Productions. 17 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Gregg Schiffner. © Gregg Schiffner & Linda Schiffner; 30Mar73;
LU3646.

BARBEL INHELDER—INFORMATION PROCESSING IN CHILDREN'S THINKING. Jean
Piaget Society. 49 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with
the College of Education, Temple University. © Jean Piaget Society;
21Jul71; MP23760.

THE BARBERSHOP QUARTET. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

BARNEY COMES TO MAYBERRY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

BARRIER REV. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BASIC MECHANICAL DRAWING TECHNIQUES. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue
Film Corp.; 15Dec72; MP23710.

BASIC MOMENT, PT. 1–2. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

BASKETBALL FOR GIRLS: FUNDAMENTAL TECHNIQUES. Coronet Instructional
Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 17Aug72; MP24016.

BATTLE OF EAST ST. LOUIS. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

BATTLE OF STALAG 13. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BATTLE OF THE BRANDS. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. 43 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 8Jan73;
MP24056.

BAY TIDELANDS. Marin Audubon Society. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Tripping with Terwilliger) © Marin Audubon Society; 2Feb73; MP23763.

BE SAFE MY FRIEND. Goldway Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Goldway Productions, Inc.; 1Oct72; LP41828.

THE BEARD. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 58.

BEEF BUTCHERING AND CURING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (North American Indian series, no. 274) Loop film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 15Dec72; MP23459.

BEGINNING CONCEPTS IN LOGIC. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
1Sep70; MP24115.

BEGINNING READING PROGRAM: A FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS IN READING.
Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational Research & Development. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational
Research & Development; 1Feb72; MP23846.

BEHAVIORAL GROUP COUNSELING. Counseling Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. authors: Beverly Potter, Carl E. Thoresen & Don L. Sorenson. ©
Counseling Films, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP23551.

[BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Beneficial Corp. Approx. 30
sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Beneficial Corp.

  Comparison. BLL 2063. © 5Dec72; MP23582.

  Pantomime. BLLL 2053. © 5Dec72; MP23511.

BESSEMER, ALABAMA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 67.

THE BEST IS YET TO BE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE BICYCLE THIEF. Richard Feiner & Co. 1 reel, sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Trailer. NM: compilation & revision. © Richard Feiner & Co., Inc.;
1Feb72; LP41833.

BIG BROADCAST. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BIG BROTHER. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

BIG DISH. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BIG FISH IN A SMALL TOWN. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

BIG GAMBLE. See.

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BIG NIGHT IN BIG BUTTE. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

BIG PICTURE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BIG RECORD. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BIGGEST GAME IN THE WEST. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

BIPLANE. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

BIRDS ON A SEASHORE. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 6Dec71; MP24084.

BIRTH. See

  LASSIE.

BLACK & BEAUTIFUL. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. ©
Diverse; 1Dec72; MP24028.

BLACK ARTISTS IN AMERICA. Pt. 2. Oakley N. Holmes, Jr. 41 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Oakley N. Holmes, Jr.; 17Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23454.

BLACK GUNN. World Film Services & World Arts Media Film Productions
Associates. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © World Film Services, Ltd. & World Arts Media Productions
Associates (UK) Ltd. (in notice: World Film Services, Ltd. & World Arts
Media Film Productions Associates (UK) Ltd.); 20Dec72; LP41643.

BLACK, WHITE AND READ ALL OVER. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 34.

BLACKBIRD FAMILY. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 6Dec71; MP24059.

BLACULA. American International Productions. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© American International Productions; 26Jul72; LP42032.

BLEEDING AND COAGULATION TIME. See

  INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT: PT. 1.

BLIND BUSINESS. Rowe International. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Rowe
International, Inc. (in notice: Rowe International, Inc., a subsidiary
of Triangle Industries, Inc.); 22Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23675.

BLIND MAN'S BUFF. See

  GUNSMOKE.

BLOOD-GLUCOSE ESTIMATION (FOLIN-WU METHOD) Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23892.

BLOOD ON THE VINE. See

  CANNON.

BLOOD TYPING: ABO AND Rh: SLIDE METHOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23877.

BLOOD UREA NITROGEN (GEUTZOW MODIFIED METHOD) Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23878.

BLUE GIRL. See

  CLASSROOM VIGNETTES.

THE BOA FRIEND. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Cinema Co.
© United Artists Corp.; 11Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP41855.

BOGOLJUBOFF'S BLUNDERS. Reality Films. 3 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
authors: Isaac Blech & David A. Davies. © Reality Films; 1Oct72;
LP41632.

THE BOLD ONES. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53
min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The New doctors) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.

  Amanda Fallon, M.D. © 2Mar72; LP41431.

  Angry man. © 30Sep71; LP41451.

  Broken melody. © 16Sep71; LP41450.

  Close-up. © 4Nov71; LP41453.

  The convicts. © 18Nov71; LP41454.

  Dagger in the mind. © 16Dec71; LP41456.

  The glass cage. © 2Dec71; LP41455.

  One lonely step. © 21Oct71; LP41452.

  Short flight to a distant star. © 20Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41439.

  A threatened species. © 3Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41440.

THE BOLD ONES. Harbour-UTV. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The New doctors) © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Moment of crisis. © 2Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41438.

THE BOLD ONES. Universal - Public Arts Productions. [Canada] Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lawyers)
Produced in association with Public Arts. © Universal - Public Arts
Productions.

  By reason of insanity. © 25Nov71; LP41448.

  Hall of justice. © 28Oct71; LP41446.

  In defense of Ellen McKay. © 11Nov71; LP41447.

  In sudden darkness. © 27Jan72; LP41434.

  The invasion of Kevin Ireland. © 23Sep71; LP41444.

  Justice is a sometime thing. © 9Dec71; LP41432.

  The letter of the law. © 23Dec71; LP41449.

  Lisa, I hardly knew you. © 10Feb72; LP41435.

  The long morning after, pt. 1–2. © 6Jan72 (in notice: 1971), LP41436;
  13Jan72 (in notice: 1971), LP41437.

THE BOLD ONES. Universal - Public Arts Productions. Distributed by
MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. (The Lawyers) Produced
in association with Public Arts. © Universal - Public Arts Productions.

  The strange secret of Yermo Hill. © 17Oct71; LP41445.

BOMBSIGHT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

BONANZA. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  Ambush at Rio Lobo. © 13Oct72.

  The bucket dog. © 28Nov72; LP42154.

  First love. © 11Dec72; LP42155.

  Forever, pt. 1–2. © 5Sep72; LP42144–42145.

  Heritage of anger. © 11Sep72; LP42146.

  The hidden enemy. © 13Nov72; LP42153.

  The hunter. © 8Jan73; LP42142.

  The initiation. © 14Sep72; LP42147.

  The marriage of Theodora Duffy. © 29Dec72; LP42157.

  New man. © 29Sep72; LP42149.

  Riot. © 25Sep72; LP42148.

  The sound of sadness. © 20Oct72; LP42151.

  Stallion. © 27Oct72; LP42152.

  The twenty-sixth grave. © 23Aug72; LP42143.

  The witness. © 22Dec72; LP42156.

BOSTON, MASSACHUSETTS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 83.

THE BOTTOM LINE. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by Visualscope. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.; 8Mar73; MU8562.

THE BOUNTY HUNTER. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

THE BOW COMPASS. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 15Dec72;
MP23709.

BOY AND A GIRL. See

  LASSIE.

THE BOY AND THE BRONC BUSTER, PT. 1–2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

THE BOY AND THE NORTH WIND. International Communications Films. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc. © International Communications Films, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Oct68; MP23989.

B'RAESHEET. John M. Teton. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John M. Teton;
22Feb73; LP41960.

BRAKE RECONDITIONING. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 18 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 26Apr73; MP24119.

BREAKS: LONG CYLINDRICAL. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Dec72; MP23707.

BREAST ORGY. Diverse. 30 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. © Diverse; 15Jun72;
MP23750.

BREASTS & NIPPLES. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. ©
Diverse; 1Dec72; MP24027.

THE BRIDE. Golden Gate Films. 82 min., sd., color. Appl. authors: John
M. Grissmer & Jean M. Pelissie. © Golden Gate Films; 19Jun73; LU3652.

THE BRIDGE IN THE SKY. Raymond S. Hattrup & Marvin F. Hattrup. 1 reel,
sd., color. © Raymond S. Hattrup & Marvin F. Hattrup; 23Mar73; MU8553.

THE BRIDGTON AND HARRISON. Sunday River Productions. 15 min., si., b&w,
8 mm. Appl. author: Alva Morrison. NM: compilation & additions. © Sunday
River Productions, solely owned by Alva Morrison; 8Aug72; MP23482.

BROKEN MELODY. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

BRONX, NEW YORK. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 77.

BUCKET DOG. See

  BONANZA.

BUDDY SORRELL, MAN AND BOY. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

BUFFALO, NEW YORK. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 87.

BUFFER SOLUTIONS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23608.

THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW. Warner Bros. Pictures. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.

  Ballpoint puns. Appl. states prev. pub. 6Jun55, MP6041. NM:
  compilation. © 21Nov61; LP42099.

  The cat's bah. Appl. states prev. pub. 16May55, MP5990. NM:
  compilation. © 10Jul62; LP42105.

  Do or diet. Appl. states prev. pub. 13Apr57, MP8875. NM: compilation.
  © 16Jan62; LP42102.

  Go, man go. Appl. states prev. pub. 6Jun55, MP6042. NM: compilation. ©
  12Dec61; LP42101.

  The honeymousers. Appl. states prev. pub. 4May57, MP8876. NM:
  compilation. © 24Jul62; LP42107.

  Man's best fiend. Appl. states prev. pub. 17Dec55, MP7835. NM:
  compilation. © 14Nov61; LP42098.

  No business like slow business. Appl. states prev. pub. 21Jul56,
  MP8406. NM: compilation. © 17Jul62; LP42106.

  Prison to prison. Appl. states prev. pub. 31Aug57, MP9132. NM:
  compilation. © 5Dec61; LP42100.

  Tale of two kitties. Appl. states prev. pub. 30Nov57, MP9290. NM:
  compilation. © 7Aug62; LP42108.

  This is a life? Appl. states prev. pub. 9Jul55, MP7465. NM:
  compilation. © 13Feb62; LP42103.

  Watch my line. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr58, MP9689. NM:
  compilation. © 26Jun62; LP42104.

THE BUILDERS. Exhibitor presentations. 4 min., sd. © E. H. Tucker (Tom
Tucker) & B. J. Tucker (Liz Tucker); 22Feb73; LU3643.

BULLET, PT. 3. See

  GUNSMOKE.

BURDEN OF PROOF. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

BURNING ICE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

BUT WHAT IF THE DREAM COMES TRUE. See

  CBS REPORTS.

BUTTERFLY. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 8 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 31Jan70; MP24085.

THE BUY LINE. FilmFair. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23419.

BY REASON OF INSANITY. See

  THE BOLD ONES.


                                   C

CBS EVENING NEWS WITH WALTER CRONKITE. Columbia Broadcasting System.
Approx. 30 min. each, sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Monday, Apr. 9, 1973. © 4May73; MU8586.

  Tuesday, Apr. 10, 1973. © 4May73; MU8587.

  Wednesday, Apr. 11, 1973. © 4May73; MU8588.

  Thursday, Apr. 12, 1973. © 4May73; MU8589.

  Friday, Apr. 13, 1973. © 4May73; MU8590.

  Monday, Apr. 16, 1973. © 4May73; MU8591.

  Tuesday, Apr. 17, 1973. © 4May73; MU8592.

  Wednesday, Apr. 18, 1973. © 4May73; MU8593. (See also CBS evening news
  with Walter Cronkite; 16Jul73; MU8657.)

  Thursday, Apr. 19, 1973. © 4May73; MU8594.

  Friday, Apr. 20, 1973. © 4May73; MU8595.

  Monday, Apr. 23, 1973. © 9May73; MU8596.

  Tuesday, Apr. 24, 1973. © 9May73; MU8597.

  Wednesday, Apr. 25, 1973. © 9May73; MU8598.

  Thursday, Apr. 26, 1973. © 9May73; MU8599.

  Friday, Apr. 27, 1973. © 9May73; MU8600.

  Monday, Apr. 30, 1973. © 16May73; MU8605.

  Tuesday, May 1, 1973. © 16May73; MU8601.

  Wednesday, May 2, 1973. © 16May73; MU8602.

  Thursday, May 3, 1973. © 16May73; MU8603.

  Friday, May 4, 1973. © 16May73; MU8604.

  Monday, May 7, 1973. © 23May73; MU8609.

  Tuesday, May 8, 1973. © 23May73; MU8610.

  Wednesday, May 9, 1973. © 23May73; MU8611.

  Thursday, May 10, 1973. © 23May73; MU8612.

  Friday, May 11, 1973. © 23May73; MU8613.

  Monday, May 14, 1973. © 1Jun73; MU8614.

  Tuesday, May 15, 1973. © 1Jun73; MU8615.

  Wednesday, May 16, 1973. © 1Jun73; MU8616.

  Thursday, May 17, 1973. © 1Jun73; MU8617.

  Friday, May 18, 1973. © 1Jun73; MU8618.

  Monday, May 21, 1973. © 13Jun73; MU8622.

  Tuesday, May 22, 1973. © 13Jun73; MU8623.

  Wednesday, May 23, 1973. © 13Jun73; MU8624.

  Thursday, May 24, 1973. © 13Jun73; MU8625.

  Friday, May 25, 1973. © 13Jun73; MU8626.

  Monday, May 28, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8635.

  Tuesday, May 29, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8636.

  Wednesday, May 30, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8637.

  Thursday, May 31, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8638.

  Friday, June 1, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8639.

  Monday, June 4, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8640

  Tuesday, June 5, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8641.

  Wednesday, June 6, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8642.

  Thursday, June 7, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8643.

  Friday, June 8, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8644.

  Monday, June 11, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8645.

  Tuesday, June 12, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8646.

  Wednesday, June 13, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8647.

  Thursday, June 14, 1973. © 2Jul73; MU8648.

CBS NEWS SPECIAL. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each
unless otherwise indicated, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.

  The battle of East St. Louis. Telecast: Dec. 30, 1969. © 29Dec69;
  MP23439.

  Challenge in the coal mines: Men against their union. 30 min. ©
  23Sep69; MP23437.

  A conversation with Dean Acheson, pt. 2. 30 min. © 4Nov69; MP23436.

  A conversation with William Rogers. 30 min. © 23Dec69; MP23490.

  Football: 100 years old and still kicking. Telecast: Oct. 21, 1969. ©
  20Oct69; MP23438.

  The investiture of Prince Charles. 30 min. © 1Jul69; MP23488.

  LBJ: Why I chose not to run. Telecast: Dec. 27, 1969. © 26Dec69;
  MP23489.

  The mystery of pain. 30 min. Telecast: Apr. 7, 1970. © 6Apr70;
  MP23487.

  The ordeal of Anatoly Kuznetsov. © 2Sep69; MP23491.

  The President abroad: From Bucharest to Britain. 30 min. Telecast:
  Aug. 3, 1969. © 2Aug69; MP23442.

  The President abroad: India and Pakistan. 30 min. © 1Aug69; MP23440.

  The President abroad: Manila and Djakarta. 30 min. © 27Jul69; MP23441.

CBS REPORTS. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Campaign '70: Television and politics. © 20Oct70; MP23837.

  Chicano. Telecast: Oct. 21, 1971. © 20Oct71; MP23843.

  The day they had to close the schools. © 27Jan70; MP23836.

  Health in America, pt. 1: The promise and the practice. © 19Apr70;
  MP23838.

  Health in America, pt. 2: Don't get sick in America. © 20Apr70;
  MP23839.

  Justice in America, pt. 1: Some are more equal than others. Telecast:
  Apr. 20, 1971. © 19Apr71; MP23840.

  Justice in America, pt. 2: Justice delayed, justice denied. Telecast:
  May 18, 1971. © 17May71; MP23841.

  Justice in America, pt. 3: Crime and the courts. Telecast: June 15,
  1971. © 14Jun71; MP23842.

  Picasso is 90. Telecast: Oct. 21, 1971. © 20Oct71; MP23954.

CBS REPORTS. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  But what if the dream comes true? Telecast: Nov. 25, 1971. © 24Nov71;
  MP23953.

CD_{2} FORMULA FOR SUCCESS IN SELLING. BNA Films. 29 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © BNA, Inc.; 1May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24110.

THE CACTUS: PROFILE OF A PLANT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 10Jan73; MP23727.

CAIN'S MARK. See

  CANNON.

CALIFORNIA BLONDES. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. ©
Diverse; 1Dec72; MP24029.

CALIPERS OUTSIDE, INSIDE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Nov72; MP23498.

CALL IT COURAGE. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

CALL OF THE WILD. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 50.

CALL UNICORN. See

  CANNON.

CAMARO. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8544.

CAMARO AND CORVETTE. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made
by Bill Sandy Co. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8582.

CAMEL'S NOSE. See

  THE FBI.

CAMPAIGN '70: TELEVISION AND POLITICS. See

  CBS REPORTS.

THE CAMPER. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

CAN A DEAD MAN STRIKE FROM THE GRAVE. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

CAN THE WORLD BE FED? Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. Made
by NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 12Nov68; MP23977.

THE CANDIDATE. Warner Bros. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Bros.,
Inc.; 29Jun72; LP41630.

CANNON. QM Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © QM
Productions.

  Blood on the vine. © 18Jan72; LP4181O.

  Cain's mark. © 7Mar72; LP41816.

  Call unicorn. © 28Sep71; LP41796.

  Country blues. © 5Oct71; LP41797.

  Dead pigeon. © 9Nov71; LP41801.

  A deadly quiet town. © 15Feb72; LP41813.

  Death chain. © 21Sep71; LP41795.

  Death is a double-cross. © 7Dec71; LP41805.

  Devil's playground. © 4Jan72; LP41808.

  A flight of hawks. © 22Feb72; LP41814.

  Flight plan. © 28Dec71; LP41807.

  Fool's gold. © 19Oct71; LP41799.

  Girl in the electric coffin. © 26Oct71; LP41800.

  The island caper. © 8Feb72; LP41812.

  A lonely place to die. © 16Nov71; LP41802.

  Murder by moonlight. © 14Mar72; LP41817.

  No pockets in a shroud. © 23Nov71; LP41803.

  The nowhere man. © 14Dec71; LP41806.

  The Salinas jackpot. © 14Sep71; LP41794.

  Scream of silence. © 12Oct71; LP41798.

  Stone, cold dead. © 30Nov71; LP41804.

  To kill a guinea pig. © 1Feb72; LP41811.

  The torch. © 29Feb72; LP41815.

  The treasure of San Ignacio. © 11Jan72; LP41809.

CANYON DE CHELLY CLIFF DWELLINGS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (North American Indian series, no. 270) Loop film. © Thorne
Films, Inc.; 15Dec72; MP23455.

CAPRICE. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8571.

CAREERS: OPPORTUNITIES FOR TRAINING. Doubleday Multimedia. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 23Jan73; MP24001.

CARP IN A MARSH. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 7 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 13Oct71; MP24106.

CARTER TURNS TRAITOR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CASANOVA KLINK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CASUAL TIES, CASUALTIES. Kingsley-Forsberg Associates. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Rolf Forsberg. © Kingsley-Forsberg
Associates; 11Aug72; LP41497.

CAT OF MANY TAILS. See

  ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.

THE CATHEDRAL AT PUEBLA. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Contents: Pt. 1–2: The west front.—The North side. ©
Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72; MP23426.

CAT'S BAH. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

CAUTION: LOW OVERHEAD. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

CAVE-IN. See

  THE FBI.

THE CENTER HOLE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 799) Loop film. © Clear-Vue
Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23634.

CHALK ONE UP FOR LIFE. Brian Gary Withers. 7 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Brian Gary Withers; 11May73; MU8619.

CHALLENGE IN THE COAL MINES: MEN AGAINST THEIR UNION. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

CHALLENGE OF THE MOUNTAIN. See

  LASSIE.

THE CHALLENGE OF THE SALT. Filmakers Studio & Monte Vista Corp. Released
by Unidyne Entertainment. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. NM: compilation &
additions. © Monte Vista Corp.; 28Dec72; LP42336.

CHANGE—TRAINING TEACHERS FOR INNOVATION. Institute for Development of
Educational Activities. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for
Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 15Jan71 (in notice: 1970);
MP23942.

CHAOS OR COMMUNICATION. NBC Enterprises. Distributed by Educational
Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced
in association with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises;
12Nov68; MP24039.

[CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pfizer, Inc. Approx. 30 sec.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pfizer, Inc.

  Baby therapeutic. © 30Oct72; MP23968.

  Barrier rev. © 31Jan73; MP23826.

  Cor-Tress intro. © 12Feb73; MP23827.

  Housewife/sheriff/guru. © 31Oct72; MP23825.

  Napoleon/king/secretary. © 31Oct72; MP23829.

  Rainy day. © 13Mar73; MP23828.

CHARLEY AND THE ANGEL. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena
Vista Distribution Co. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on The golden
evenings of summer, by Will Stanton. © Walt Disney Productions; 22Mar73;
LP42087.

CHARLEY-ONE-EYE. David Paradine Films. Released by Paramount Pictures
Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © David Paradine Films, Ltd.;
31Dec72; LP42084.

CHARLIE AND THE GOLDEN HAMSTER. Institute for Development of Educational
Activities. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc. (IDEA); 15Jan69 (in notice: 1968); MP23754.

CHARLOTTE, NORTH CAROLINA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 69.

CHARLOTTE'S WEB. Hanna-Barbera Productions & Sagittarius Productions.
Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
upon the book by E. B. White. © Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc. &
Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 31Dec72; LP42083.

CHASING A THREAD. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 791) Loop film. © Clear-Vue
Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23624.

CHATEAU BON VIVANT. See

  SNOWBALL EXPRESS.

CHECKS: WHAT TO CASH. American Institute of Banking, an educational
division of American Bankers Assn. Distributed by BNA Films. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Bankers Assn.; 25Aug72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23715.

CHECKS: WHEN TO CASH. American Institute of Banking, an educational
division of American Bankers Assn. Distributed by BNA Films. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Bankers Assn.; 25Aug72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23714.

CHEMISTRY OF THE BONE: GENERAL COMPOSITION. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP23579.

CHESTER, YESTERDAY'S HORSE. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

THE CHEVROLET BLAZER. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
Made by Bill Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8579.

CHEVROLET PICKUPS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made
by Bill Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8574.

CHEVROLET PRODUCT OPTIONS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
© Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8583.

CHEVROLET RECREATIONAL VEHICLES. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73;
MU8578.

CHEVROLET SALES TECHNIQUES AND MOTIVATION TRAINING. See

  DEVELOPING A CLIENTELE.

  LET PEOPLE KNOW WHAT YOU DO: PROSPECTING.

  PROFESSIONALISM, WHAT PEOPLE WOULD LIKE TO SEE.

  QUESTIONING FOR NEEDS AND WANTS.

  SELL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE: YOURSELF, PRODUCT, DEALERSHIP.

  SELL VALUE OF PURCHASE.

CHEVY VANS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8573.

CHICANO. See

  CBS REPORTS.

CHICKS AND CHICKENS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 6Dec71; MP24060.

CHILDREN IN PERIL. American Broadcasting Companies. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 4Jan72; MP23799.

CHILD'S PLAY. Paramount Pictures Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based on the Broadway play by Robert Marasco. Appl. author: David
Merrick. © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 6Dec72; LP41558.

THE CHURCH BELL. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

THE CHURCH OF NUESTRA SENORA DE EUNATE, SPAIN. Visual Education. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72;
MP23430.

CHURCH OF SAN FRANCISCO AT ACATEPEC, FRANCISCAN CHURCH, ABOUT 1730.
Visual Education. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual
Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23560.

THE CHURCH PLAY. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

CINCINNATI, OHIO. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 98.

THE CIRCULATION. Teaching Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Anatomy of
the human eye) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 22Dec72;
MU8511.

CIRCUS IN EUROPE. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 30Mar71; MP24107.

CITIZENS ALL. See

  ADAM–12.

THE CITY: WHO NEEDS IT? ABC Media Concepts. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 3Oct72; MP23797.

CLASSROOM VIGNETTES. Project Physics. 18 min., sd. Contents: 1–4:
Strings & circles.—Blue girl.—Moon mettle.—Mentor's manner. © Project
Physics, Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8523.

CLEANING NON-PATIENT AREAS. Comprenetics. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 14Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP23790.

CLEARANCE SALE AT THE BLACK MARKET. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CLEVELAND, OHIO. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 92.

CLIFF ISLAND, MAINE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 84.

CLOSE-UP. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

CLOSE-UPS. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse;
1Dec72; MP24025.

CLOSED CUFF METHOD OF GOWNING AND GLOVING. Case Western Reserve
University. Made by Edward Feil Productions. Distributed by Year Book
Medical Publishers. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Case Western Reserve
University; 15Jul69; MP23916.

CLOTH OF GOLD. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

CLOWN MAKE-UP. Arthur Gould. Distributed by Pyramid Films. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Arthur Gould; 15Oct72; MP23669.

CLOWNS ARE FOR LAUGHING. Arthur Gould. Distributed by Pyramid Films. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Arthur Gould; 15Oct72; MP23668.

COASTAL PROCESSES. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
30Aug72; MP24050.

COBRA. See

  LE SAUT DE L'ANGE.

COGNITION. See

  DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: COGNITION.

COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT. Communications/Research/Machines. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP23573.

COLD CONTRACTS MATTER. Doubleday Multimedia. Approx. 2 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 9Mar73 (in notice:
1972); MP23832.

THE COLLABORATORS. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 42.

COLLECTOR GENERAL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

COLLETS—FOR PRECISION TURNING. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 797) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23635.

COLLISION COURSE. See

  THE FBI.

COLLISION DYNAMICS OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions & Unit 1 Film Productions. 19 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Martin Karplus. © Harper & Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 1Apr72; MP23739.

COLONEL KLINK'S SECRET WEAPON. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

COLOR, COLOR EVERYWHERE—RED, YELLOW, BLUE. Coronet Instructional Films.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 23May72; MP23493.

THE COLOR OF RESPECT. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

COLOR THE LUFTWAFFE RED. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

COLUMBUS, OHIO. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 97.

THE COMBINATION SQUARE AND CENTERHEAD. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue
Film Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23501.

COME BACK CHARLESTON BLUE. Formosa Productions. Released by Warner Bros.
100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel The heat's on, by
Chester Himes. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Formosa Productions, Inc.;
29Jun72; LP41790.

COMING ON STRONG. Boy Scouts of America. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Boy Scouts of America; 28Mar73; MP23811.

COMPACTION. Laborers-AGC Education & Training Fund. 18 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Laborers-AGC Education & Training Fund; 4Feb72:
MP23749.

COMPARISON. See

  [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

COMPENSATION FOR HEAD MOVEMENTS: VESTIBULAR SYSTEM. Teaching Films. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8555.

COMPLETE GUIDE TO WINE. Winevision. Made by Gordon Thomas Productions.
93 min., sd., color. Videotape (1/2 in.) Loop tape. © Winevision, Inc.;
10Jan72; MP23796.

THE COMPOUND MICROSCOPE. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23655.

COMPUTER AND YOU. See

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.

THE CONCRETE SAW. Marshall Maintenance. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Marshall Maintenance; 4Apr73: MP23813.

CONIC SECTIONS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual Learning Corp.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey
& Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP23601.

CONIC SECTIONS: ELLIPSE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual
Learning Corp. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Sep70; MP23602.

CONIC SECTIONS: HYPERBOLA. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual
Learning Corp. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Sep70; MP23604.

CONIC SECTIONS: PARABOLA. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual
Learning Corp. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Sep70; MP23603.

CONNECTING WELDING MACHINES. Marshall Maintenance. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23411.

CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES. Apjac Productions. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Todd-AO 35.
Based upon characters created by Pierre Boulle. © Apjac Productions,
Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 14Jun72; LP42094.

CONSERVING OUR ENVIRONMENT: THE POLLUTION CRISIS. Coronet Instructional
Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 30Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23781.

CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A. Mark VII. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © D.A. Productions;
8Jan71; LP41889.

CONSPIRATORS. See

  THE FBI.

CONTAMINATOR. See

  THE FBI.

CONTINUOUS PROGRESS LEARNING. Institute for Development of Educational
Activities. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 20Oct70; MP23946.

CONTRACEPTION. John Wiley & Sons. Made by FilmFair Communications. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., employer
for hire. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 11Apr73; MP24126.

CONTROL. Allstate Insurance Co., Driver Education & Training Divisions.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinemascope. © Allstate Insurance Co.;
1Nov72; MP23700.

CONTROL OF BODY TEMPERATURE. See

  REGULATING BODY TEMPERATURE.

CONTROVERSY OVER INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION: A CASE STUDY. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 29Nov72; MP23723.

CONVERSATION WITH DEAN ACHESON, PT. 2. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

A CONVERSATION WITH WILLIAM ROGERS. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

CONVICTS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

COOPERATIVE FARMING IN EAST GERMANY. Public Media. Distributed by Films,
Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media,
Inc.; 23Oct69; MP24102.

THE COPY MACHINE. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

COR-TRESS INTRO. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

CORNING, NEW YORK. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 88.

COSTA RICA: RAUL AND THE CARRETA. Salisbury Educational Media.
Distributed by Doubleday Multimedia. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions. © Salisbury
Educational Media, Inc.; 2Oct69; MP23984.

COUNTERSINK AND COUNTERBORE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Dec72; MP23705.

COUNTING PLATELETS. See

  ENUMERATION.

COUNTING RED BLOOD CELLS. See

  ENUMERATION.

COUNTING RETICULOCYTES. See

  ENUMERATION.

COUNTRY BLUES. See

  CANNON.

COURIER. See

  THE FBI.

THE COWBOYS. Sanford Productions. Released by Warner Bros. 126 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by William Dale
Jennings. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Sanford Productions, Inc.; 13Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP41649.

THE COWS OF DOLO KEN PAYE: RESOLVING CONFLICT AMONG THE KPELLE. Holt,
Rinehart & Winston. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Holt, Rinehart &
Winston, Inc.; 28Aug70; MP23824.

CREATION AND RETRIEVAL OF DATA SETS. See

  OS JOB CONTROL LANGUAGE CODING FOR PROGRAMMERS.

CRESCENDO. Hammer Film Productions [Gt. Britain] Released in the U.S. by
Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Hammer Film
Productions, Ltd.; 7May70 (in notice: 1969); LF116.

THE CRICKET IN TIMES SQUARE. Chuck Jones Enterprises. 64 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. From the book by George Selden. Appl. author: Chuck Jones.
© Chuck Jones Enterprises; 1Feb73; LP41682.

CRIME AND THE COURTS. See

  CBS REPORTS.

CRISIS IN THE CLASSROOM. Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co.
Made by NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises;
12Nov68; MP23978.

CRITTENDON PLAN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CRITTENDON'S COMMANDOS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CROSS-COUNTRY MAN. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

CROSS-MATCH. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

CROSS MATCHING OF BLOOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State
Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71;
MP23869.

CROSSTOWN. Carl E. Brown. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Carl E. Brown;
9May73; MU8606.

THE CROW GANEF. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

CRUSTAL EVOLUTION. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
28Aug72; MP24042.

CRYSTAL GROWTH. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP23617.

CUISINE A LA STALAG 13. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

CUP TO LIP: THE ORIGINS OF INSTRUMENTAL ACTION. Center for Cognitive
Studies, Harvard University. Distributed by John Wiley & Sons. 14 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Jerome S. Bruner & Allegra May; 26Oct72; MP23817.

CUPID COMES TO STALAG 13. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE CUSTOMER MAGNET. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. Made by
Omnicom Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corp.; 4Apr73; MP23759.

CUSTOMER RECEPTION & CONVENIENCE. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 28 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Service supremacy program) Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73
MU8533.

CUT, BURN AND CLEAN—SAFELY. Laborers-AGC Education & Training Fund. 21
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Laborers-AGC Education &
Training Fund; 15Jul72; MP23748.

CUTTING A THREAD WITH A DIE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 790) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23629.


                                   D

THE D.A. Mark VII. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd.,
color, 33 mm. © D.A. Productions.

  The People vs. Barrington. © 12Nov71; LP41620.

  The People vs. Boley. © 7Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41605.

  The People vs. Drake. © 17Sep71; LP41613.

  The People vs. Edwards. © 15Oct71; LP41617.

  The People vs. Fowler. © 26Nov71; LP41622.

  The People vs. Gayda. © 1Oct71; LP41615.

  The People vs. Hendry. © 24Sep71; LP41614.

  The People vs. Howard. © 3Dec71; LP41623.

  The People vs. Lindsey. © 5Nov71; LP41619.

  The People vs. Nelson. © 10Dec71; LP41624.

  The People vs. Saydo. © 8Oct71; LP41616.

  The People vs. Slovik. © 22Oct71; LP41618.

  The People vs. Swammerdam. © 19Nov71; LP41621.

  The People vs. Walsh. © 24Dec71; LP41626.

  The People vs. Whitehead. © 17Dec71; LP41625.

D.A. See

  CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A.

D-DAY AT STALAG 13. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

DAGGER IN THE MIND. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

DAIRY FARMING IN THE ALPS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
25Sep69; MP24103.

DALLAS, TEXAS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 65.

DAMP MOPPING. Comprenetics. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
© Comprenetics, Inc.; 20Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP23789.

DANGEROUS RELATIONS. Belford Productions. 90 min., sd. From an original
story by James Ford Bell. © Belford Productions, Inc.; 22Mar73; LU3644.

THE DARLING FORTUNE. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

DATING: DO'S & DON'TS. See

  DATING SCENE.

THE DATING SCENE. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
2d ed. of Dating: Do's & Don'ts. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Sep72; MP23591.

DAWN OVER ECUADOR. Texaco. Made by Directors Group Motion Pictures.
Distributed by Association-Sterling Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in association with Film Counselors. © Texaco, Inc.; 14Nov72;
MP23409.

DAWNING. See

  LASSIE.

DAY AND NIGHT. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23527.

A DAY IN THE DEATH OF JOE EGG. Domino Productions [England] Released in
the U.S. by Columbia Pictures. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
Peter Nichols' play. © Domino Productions, Ltd.; 11May72 (in notice:
1970); LF112.

A DAY IN THE LIFE OF ALAN BRADY. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

DAY OF DISASTER. See

  LASSIE.

THE DAY THEY HAD TO CLOSE THE SCHOOLS. See

  CBS REPORTS.

THE DAY THEY HANGED KID CURRY. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

DAY WATCH. See

  ADAM–12.

DAYS OF DISASTER. See

  LASSIE.

DEAD PIGEON. See

  CANNON.

DEADLY FOUNTAIN. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

A DEADLY QUIET TOWN. See

  CANNON.

DEADLY SURF. See

  LASSIE.

DEALING: OR THE BERKELEY-TO-BOSTON FORTY-BRICK LOST-BAG BLUES.
Pressman-Williams Enterprises. Released by Warner Bros. 88 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on a novel by Michael Douglas. © Warner
Bros., Inc. & Pressman-Williams Enterprises, Inc.; 27Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LP41648.

DEAR SALLY ROGERS. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

DEATH CHAIN. See

  CANNON.

DEATH IN VENICE. Alfa Cinematografica. [England] Released in the U.S. by
Warner Bros. 130 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Thomas Mann.
© Alfa Cinematografica, S.R.L.; 2Mar71; LF110.

DEATH IS A DOUBLE-CROSS. See

  CANNON.

DEATH OF DIEM. See

  NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER.

DEATH WIND. See

  THE FBI.

DECIDING. Centron Educational Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Centron Corp., Inc.; 7Feb73; MP23554.

DECIMALS AND PERCENTS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23693.

DEEP END. Maran Film & Kettledrum Productions. [Oslo] Released in the
U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Maran
Film & Kettledrum Productions, Ltd.; 6Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LF108.

DEEP OCEAN SEDIMENTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
30Aug72; MP24049.

DEEP SEA TRAWLER. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 21Apr69;
MP24101.

DEFECTOR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

DELIVERANCE. Warner Bros. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on James
Dickey's novel. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 30Jul72; LP41826.

DENTAL HEALTH. Greater Cleveland Associated Foundation. 30 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Greater Cleveland Associated Foundation; 20Oct71 (in
notice: 1972); LP41492.

DENVER, COLORADO. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 54.

DESPERATE OURS. See

  THE PARTNERS.

THE DETECTIVE STORY. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 55.

DETROIT, MICHIGAN. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 93.

DEVELOPING A CLIENTELE; DELIVERY, FOLLOW-UP, SERVICE. Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 32 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Chevrolet sales techniques and motivation training)
Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8536.

DEVELOPING CONCEPTS IN ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP23691.

DEVELOPING SETS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23694.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: COGNITION. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by
Bay State Film Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Jerome Kagan & Howard Gardner. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar72;
MP25856.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: INFANCY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay
State Film Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Jerome Kagan & Howard Gardner. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar72;
MP25857.

DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: LANGUAGE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by
Bay State Film Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Jerome Kagan & Howard Gardner. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Mar72;
MP23855.

THE DEVILS. Warner Bros. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based
on the play by John Whiting & the book The devils of Loudun, by Aldous
Huxley. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 16Jul71; LP41822.

DEVILS OF LOUDUN. See

  THE DEVILS.

DEVIL'S PLAYGROUND. See

  CANNON.

DIAGNOSIS: CORRUPTION. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

THE DIAL INDICATOR. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Nov72; MP23502.

DIAMOND MINING IN EAST AFRICA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc.
9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
17Feb70; MP24104.

DIAMONDS IN THE ROUGH. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW. Calvada Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Calvada Productions.

  The Alan Brady Show goes to jail. © 11Nov64; LP42245.

  Buddy Sorrell, man and boy. © 2Mar66; LP42247.

  A day in the life of Alan Brady. © 6Apr66; LP42249.

  Dear Sally Rogers. © 18May66; LP42254.

  The gunslinger. © 25May66; LP42255.

  The last chapter. © 1Jun66; LP42256.

  Long nights journey into day. © 11May66; LP42253.

  The man from my uncle. © 20Apr66; LP42251.

  Obnoxious, offensive, egomaniac, etc. © 13Apr66; LP42250.

  Talk to the snail. © 23Mar66; LP42248.

  Three letters from one wife. © 18Nov64; LP42246.

  You ought to be in pictures. © 27Apr66; LP42252.

DID I DO GOOD? Franciscan Communications Center. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Franciscan Communications Center; 9Dec72; MP23672.

DIDN'T WE MEET AT A MURDER. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

THE DIE IS CAST. Dept. of Mechanical Engineering, University of
Michigan. Made by University of Michigan Audio-Visual Education Center.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © University of Michigan; 1Dec72; MP23561.

DIFFERENTIAL BLOOD COUNT. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State
Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71;
MP23874.

DIGESTIVE SYSTEM. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring the
body) © Films, Inc.; 6Apr73 (in notice: 1971); MP24090.

DINNER AT EIGHT. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

THE DINOSAUR. See

  ADAM–12.

DIRTY HARRY. Malpaso Co. Released by Warner Bros. 103 min., sd., color,
35 mm. Panavision. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Malpaso Co.; 22Dec71; LP41628.

DISASTER ON TURNER STREET. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

DISCOVERING THE PROPERTIES OF GEOMETRIC FIGURES. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP23687.

DISCUSS FORMAL CORRECTIVE ACTION WITH AN EMPLOYEE. Applied Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P.
Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher. Appl. ti.: Discussing formal ... employee. ©
Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23778.

DISCUSSING PERSONAL WORK HABITS WITH AN EMPLOYEE. Applied Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P.
Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher. © Applied Learning Associates; 4May72;
MP23770.

DISMISSAL CLEANING. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 12Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP23792.

DISNEY ON PARADE. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

THE DISPOSAL MAN. See

  MCCLOUD.

THE DISSECTING MICROSCOPE. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23657.

DISTILLATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm.
(Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl. author: Rod
O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug68; MP23641.

DISTILLING WATER. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 20Nov72; MP23434.

DIVE TO THE UNKNOWN. See

  ADVENTURE.

DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 9. Review Educational Films. 9 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 25Sep72;
MP23392.

DO OR DIET. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

DO WORDS EVER FOOL YOU? Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 17Aug72; MP24019.

DR. PHIBES RISES AGAIN. American International Productions (England) 89
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on characters created by James Whiton &
William Goldstein. © American International Productions (England) Ltd.;
5Jul72; LP42034.

DODGE CITY, KANSAS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 61.

DODGE CLUB CAB. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Dec72; MP23451.

THE DOLLAR DRAIN. Calvin Communications. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Positive shortage prevention) © Calvin Communications, Inc.; 1Aug72;
MP23386.

DON'T CROWD ME. Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. Made by
NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 12Nov68; MP23979.

DON'T FORGET TO WRITE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

DON'T GET MAD, GET EVEN. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

DON'T GET SICK IN AMERICA. See

  CBS REPORTS.

DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU. See

  ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.

DON'T MISS A GOOD BET. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

DON'T PHASE ME OUT. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

DON'T TALK ABOUT DARKNESS. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

DOVER, DELAWARE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 74.

DOVES OF SANTA INEZ. See

  LASSIE.

DRACULA HAS RISEN FROM THE GRAVE. Hammer Film Productions [Gt. Britain]
Released in the U.S. by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 92 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Based on the character created by Bram Stoker. © Hammer Film
Productions, Ltd.; 7Nov68; LF114.

DRAGO. See

  GUNSMOKE.

DRAPING THE OPERATIVE PATIENT. Francis Payne Bolton School of Nursing &
University Hospitals of Cleveland. Made by Edward Feil Productions. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Case Western Reserve University; 19Mar73;
MP24010.

DRAWING A HEXAGON. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Dec72; MP23712.

DRAWING AN OBLIQUE CYLINDER. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Dec72; MP23711.

DRAWING AN OBLIQUE RECTANGLE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Dec72; MP23706.

DREADFUL SORRY, CLEMENTINE. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

DREAM BUILDER. See

  LASSIE.

DRIVER EDUCATION. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

DROP IN. Panfilms. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.o. St.
John Nepomucene Church; 21Mar73; MP23806.

DROPOUTS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE DRUG PROBLEM: WHAT DO YOU THINK? Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 19Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23728.

DRUMS ALONG THE DUSSELDORF. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE DRUNKARD. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 59.

DUEL ON HONOR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

DUROCHER/UMPIRE. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   E

E. E. CUMMINGS: THE MAKING OF A POET. Harold Mantell, Inc. Released by
Films for the Humanities. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Harold Mantell. © Harold Mantell, Inc.; 11Nov71; MP23665.

E TORNATO SABATA ... HAI CHIUSO UN ALTRA VOLTA! (Return of Sabata)
Produzioni Europee Associate [Italy]. Released in the U.S. by United
Artists Corp. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. © Produzioni
Europee Associate, S.A.S.; 3Sep71; LF109.

EARLY WORDS: ACTION AND THE STRUCTURE OF LANGUAGE. Patricia Greenfield,
Allegra May & Jerome S. Bruner. Distributed by John Wiley & Sons. 22
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Patricia M. Greenfield, Allegra May & Jerome
S. Bruner; 26Oct72; MP23815.

EAST GERMANY: A NATION IN TRANSITION. McGraw-Hill Films. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Minerva Film A/S. Appl.
author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Aug72 (in notice:
1971); MP23742.

EASTERN EUROPE: UNITY AND DIVERSITY. McGraw-Hill Films. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Minerva Film A/S. Appl.
author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 8Aug72 (in notice:
1971); MP23958.

EASY COME, EASY GO. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ECHO FROM ANOTHER WORLD. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

ECHO OF A DISTANT SCREAM. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

EFFECTS OF RADIATION ON CHROMOSOMES AND GENES. Harper & Row, Publishers.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23652.

AN EFFICIENT SERVICE STATION. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

EGYPTIAN VILLAGERS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 5Aug69;
MP24099.

EH. See

  WORK IS A FOUR LETTER WORD.

8 CENTS' WORTH OF PROTECTION. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

EIGHT O'CLOCK AND ALL IS WELL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

EIGHTEEN YEARS NEXT APRIL. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

THE ELECTRON MICROSCOPE. Pt. 1: Fixing, dehydrating and embedding the
specimen. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23866.

THE ELECTRON MICROSCOPE. Pt. 2: Sectioning, observing and photographing
the specimen. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23867.

ELECTRONIC SECURITY ALARM. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 12Feb73; MP23921.

ELEMENTARY NATURAL SCIENCE—SMALL PREDATORY MAMMALS. Centron Educational
Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 2Feb73;
MP23552.

ELEMENTS OF GEOMETRY. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23697.

ELEMENTS OF GROWTH. See

  PLANT NUTRITION.

ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU. Universal City Studios. Distributed
by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) Based on the
novel Cat of many tails, by Ellery Queen, pseud. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 19Nov71; LP41897.

EMERGENCY! Mark VII & Emergency Productions. 106 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (World premiere) © Emergency Productions; 15Jan72; LP41894.

EMISSION SPECTRA. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP23612.

EMMETT'S BIRTHDAY. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

EMMETT'S RETIREMENT. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

EMOTIONAL DEVELOPMENT: AGGRESSION. Communications/Research/Machines. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.;
1Jan73; MP23575.

EMOTIONS AND ATTITUDES. Sutherland Learning Associates. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Most important person) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 3Apr72; LP41654.

EMPTY PARACHUTE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ENCOUNTER WITH ARIES. See

  MCCLOUD.

ENDOTRACHEAL INTUBATION. American College of Physicians. Made by Medex
International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (American College of
Physicians medical skills library) Loop film. © American College of
Physicians; 25Oct72; MP23413.

ENERGY: A CONVERSATION. Communications/Research/Machines. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (A Science today film) © Communications/Research/Machines,
Inc.; 1Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23569.

ENERGY MAKES IT MOVE. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23520.

ENGINE LATHE. See

  THE CENTER HOLE.

  CHASING A THREAD.

  COLLETS—FOR PRECISION TURNING.

  CUTTING A THREAD WITH A DIE.

  THE FOUR JAW INDEPENDENT CHUCK.

  THE MICROMETER DIAL GOES TO WORK.

  MOUNTING AND USING THE THREE JAW CHUCK.

  PREPARING TO CHASE A THREAD.

  SETTING UP WORK BETWEEN CENTERS.

  TURNING A STEP USING THE COMPOUND.

  TURNING A TAPER BETWEEN CENTERS.

  TURNING A TAPER USING THE COMPOUND.

ENID, OKLAHOMA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 63.

ENUMERATION. Pt. 1: White blood cells and eosinophils. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23882.

ENUMERATION. Pt. 2: Counting red blood cells. Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23888.

ENUMERATION. Pt. 3: Counting reticulocytes. Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23873.

ENUMERATION. Pt. 4: Counting platelets. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Jun71; MP23886.

EQUILIBRATION. Jean Piaget Society. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced
in cooperation with the College of Education, Temple University. Appl.
ti.: Jean Piaget Equilabration. [sic] © Jean Piaget Society; 21Jul71;
MP23761.

ERYTHROCYTE SEDIMENTATION RATE AND THE HEMATOCRIT. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr71; MP23871.

ESCAPE. See

  THE FBI.

EULOGY FOR A WIDE RECEIVER. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS. CS & DS Enterprises. 2 motion pictures
(reel 1, 2 min.; reel 2, 1 min.), sd., b&w. Videotape (2 in.) © CS & DS
Enterprises, Inc.; 12Jan73; MU8508.

EVENING OF THE GENERALS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE EVERGLADES REGION: AN ECOLOGICAL STUDY. John Wiley & Sons. 24 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 11Apr73; MP24122.

EVERYBODY LOVES A SNOWMAN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

EVERYONE HAS A BROTHER-IN-LAW. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

EVERYTHING ELSE YOU CAN STEAL. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

EVIL ROY SLADE. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 18Feb72; LP41885.

EVOLUTIONARY RATES AND EXTINCTION. See

  MEGAEVOLUTION.

EVOLVING TOWARD WOMAN. University of Illinois at Chicago Circle. 55
min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) © University of Illinois at Chicago
Circle; 28Aug72; MP23398.

EXAMINATION FOR BILE. See

  URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR BILE.

EXAMINATION FOR OCCULT BLOOD. See

  URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR OCCULT BLOOD.

EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD. See

  PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD.

EXAMINATION OF THE FECES. See

  PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE FECES.

EXECUTIONERS, PT. 1–2. See

  THE FBI.

EXHAUST EMISSIONS AND DRIVEABILITY. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Mar73;
MP23924.

EXPANDING INSTRUCTIONAL RESOURCES: PARENTS AND TUTORS. Southwest
Regional Laboratory for Educational Research & Development. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational
Research & Development; 1Feb72; MP23845.

EXPERIMENTS WITH COLD. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23545.

EXPERIMENTS WITH MAGNETISM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23539.

EXPERIMENTS WITH WATER. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23532.

THE EXPERTS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

EXPLORING THE BODY. See

  DIGESTIVE SYSTEM.

  THE EYE.

  HEART AND CIRCULATORY SYSTEM.

  THE INNER EAR.

  KIDNEYS.

  TEETH.

THE EXPONENTIAL FUNCTION. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye
Instruments. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Oct71; MP23848.

EXTORTION. See

  ADAM–12.

EXTORTIONIST. See

  THE FBI.

EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE. Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler
Corp.; 9Oct72; MP23408.

THE EYE. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring the body) ©
Films, Inc.; 13Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24092.

EYE OF THE HAUNTED. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

EYEWITNESS. See

  ADAM–12.


                                   F

THE FBI. QM Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in association with Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc. © QM
Productions & Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.

  Anatomy of a prison break. © 27Nov66; LP42118.

  The assassin. © 9Oct66; LP42111.

  The camel's nose. © 11Dec66; LP42120.

  The cave-in. © 16Oct66; LP42112.

  Collision course. © 13Nov66; LP42116.

  The conspirators. © 5Feb67; LP42128.

  The contaminator. © 4Dec66; LP42119.

  The courier. © 15Jan67; LP42125.

  The death wind. © 25Dec66; LP42122.

  The escape. © 2Oct66; LP42110.

  The executioners, pt. 1–2. © 12Mar67, LP42133; 19Mar67, LP42134.

  The extortionist. © 16Apr67; LP42137.

  Flight plan. © 5Mar67; LP42132.

  Force of nature. © 9Apr67; LP42136.

  The gray passenger. © 29Jan67; LP42127.

  The hostage. © 19Feb67; LP42130.

  List for a firing squad. © 18Dec66; LP42121.

  Ordeal. © 6Nov66; LP42115.

  Passage into fear. © 8Jan67; LP42124.

  The plague merchant. © 30Oct66; LP42114.

  The price of death. © 18Sep66; LP42109.

  A question of guilt. © 22Jan67; LP42126.

  The raid. © 1Jan67; LP42123.

  Rope of gold. © 12Feb67; LP42129.

  The satellite. © 2Apr67; LP42135.

  The scourge. © 23Oct66; LP42113.

  Sky on fire. © 26Feb67; LP42131.

  Vendetta. © 20Nov66; LP42117.

FACE OF ICE. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

FACILITIES PLANNING. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made
by Bill Sandy Co. 25 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Service supremacy
program) Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8540.

FAMILY. Wombat Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
Productions, Inc.; 10Sep72; MP23580.

FAREWELL. Panfilms. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.o. St.
John Nepomucene Church; 1Apr72; MP23808.

FAT HERMANN, GO HOME. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

FATHER AND SON. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

FEEDING BEHAVIOR OF THE BLOWFLY. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23865.

FELLINI'S ROMA. See

  ROMA.

FERRET. See

  ADAM–12.

FIELD ION MICROSCOPY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo
Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Rod
O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70;
MP23618.

FIFTH MAN IN A STRING QUARTET. See

  MCCLOUD.

FILMMAKING FUNDAMENTALS. Thomas E. Brown. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
Films, Inc. presentation. © Thomas E. Brown; 17Aug72; MP23477.

FINANCE AND INSURANCE. Charles D. Crosby. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Charles D. Crosby; 19Dec72; MP23952.

FIND YOURSELF, THEN YOUR JOB. Doubleday Multimedia. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 10Jan73; MP24000.

FIRE PROTECTION FOR RACK STORAGE UP TO 25 FEET. Factory Mutual
Engineering Corp. 2 reels, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Hilding O.
Carlson. © Factory Mutual Engineering Corp.; 15Jan73; MP23663.

FIRE PROTECTION VALVE SUPERVISION. Factory Mutual Engineering Corp. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 2 reels, sd., color, 16 mm. © Factory
Mutual Engineering Corp.; 15Jan73; MP23674.

FIRE—SOUND THE ALARM. Alfred Higgins Productions. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 23Jan73; MP23966.

THE FIRST CIRCLE. Laterna Film & Tele-Cine Film & Fernsehen Produktion.
Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the novel by Aleksandr I. Solzhenitsyn. Appl. authors:
Filmaktieselskabet af 28 April i likvidation. Telecine Film & Fernsehen
Produktion, G.M.B.H. & Studio Art Film. © Paramount Pictures Corp.;
31Dec72; LP41559.

FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE. Calvin Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Positive shortage prevention) © Calvin Communications, Inc.;
1Aug72; MP23388.

FIRST LOVE. See

  BONANZA.

A FIRST QUARTER. Leo Castelli Gallery. Made by Lawrence Weiner. 85 min.,
sd. © Lawrence Weiner; 20Feb73; MU8522.

FISH TRAP. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North American
Indian series, no. 282) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Dec72;
MP23467.

THE FIVE PRINCIPLES OF SUPERVISION AND HOW THEY CHANGED MY LIFE. Brigham
Young University Motion Picture Dept. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Brigham Young University; 2Nov72; LP41638.

FIXING, DEHYDRATING, AND EMBEDDING. See

  PREPARING HISTOLOGICAL SECTIONS.

FIXING, DEHYDRATING AND EMBEDDING THE SPECIMEN. See

  THE ELECTRON MICROSCOPE.

THE FLAME GROWS HIGHER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

FLAMINGOS OF LAKE NAKURU. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

A FLIGHT OF HAWKS. See

  CANNON.

THE FLIGHT OF THE VALKYRIE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

FLIGHT PLAN. See

  CANNON.

  THE FBI.

FLOCK OF LOVE. See

  LASSIE.

THE FLOODWATCHER. Rodale Press. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Rodale
Press, Inc.; 3Nov72; LP41508.

FLOYD'S BARBERSHOP. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

FLUTE PLAYING: A STUDY WITH MARK THOMAS. W. T. Armstrong Co. Made by
Frink Film Studio. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © W. T. Armstrong Co.,
Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23713.

FLYING GRANDPA. See

  LASSIE.

FOLIN-WU METHOD. See

  BLOOD-GLUCOSE ESTIMATION (FOLIN-WU METHOD).

FOLLOW THAT CAR. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

FOLLOW THE WHITE BRICK ROAD. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

FOOL'S GOLD. See

  CANNON.

FOOTBALL: 100 YEARS OLD AND STILL KICKING. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

THE FOOTBALL PUNTER. Kansas City Life Insurance Co. Made by Calvin
Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Larry Kauffman. ©
Kansas City Life Insurance Co.; 22Jan73; MU8517.

FOR A MILLION, WHY NOT. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

FOR LOVE OF LASSIE, PT. 1–2. See

  LASSIE.

FOR THOSE WHO FOLLOW. See

  LASSIE.

FORBIDDEN CITY. See

  NBC REPORTS.

FORCE OF NATURE. See

  THE FBI.

THE FOREST AND THE TREES. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

FOREVER, PT. 1–2. See

  BONANZA.

FORMATION OF AMINO ACIDS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (The Origin of life, pt. 1) Loop film. Appl. author: Sidney
W. Fox. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May72; MP23381.

A FORMULA FOR TRAFFIC SURVIVAL. Allstate Insurance Co., Driver Education
& Training Divisions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinemascope. ©
Allstate Insurance Co.; 1Nov72; MP23701.

FT. BENNING, GEORGIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 64.

THE 43RD, A MOVING STORY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

FOSSILIZATION AND ANCESTRAL FORMS. See

  MEGAEVOLUTION.

THE FOUR JAW INDEPENDENT CHUCK. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 796) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23630.

FRA ANGELICO. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

FRACTIONAL NUMBER CONCEPTS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23696.

FRACTIONAL NUMBER OPERATIONS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
1Sep70; MP23695.

FRACTIONAL NUMBERS: MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP23956.

FRANK FILM. Francis Peter Mouris. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Frank
(Francis Peter) Mouris; 5Jan73; LP41499.

FRANKENSTEIN MUST BE DESTROYED. Hammer Film Productions [Gt. Britain]
Released in the U.S. by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 97 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 22May69; LF117.

A FRIEND IN NEED. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 45.

FRIENDS. Behrens Co. Approx. 3 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Behrens
Co., Inc.

  Episode no.

  40. Minneapolis, Minnesota. © 15Sep70; LP41471.

  42. Sterling, North Dakota. © 15Sep70; LP42337.

  47. Kotzebue, Alaska. © 15Sep70; LP41472.

  54. Denver, Colorado. © 15Sep70; LP41473.

  55. Omaha, Nebraska. © 15Sep70; LP41474.

  56. Kansas City, Missouri. © 15Sep70; LP41475.

  57. Springfield, Missouri. © 15Sep70; LP41476.

  58. Greenwood, Mississippi. © 15Sep70; LP41477.

  59. Memphis, Tennessee. © 15Sep70; LP42338.

  60. Wichita, Kansas. © 15Sep70; LP41478.

  61. Dodge City, Kansas. © 15Sep70; LP41479.

  62. Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. © 15Sep70; LP42339.

  63. Enid, Oklahoma. © 15Sep70; LP41480.

  64. Ft. Benning, Georgia. © 15Sep70; LP42340.

  65. Dallas, Texas. © 15Sep70; LP42341.

  66. Little Rock, Arkansas. © 15Sep70; LP42342.

  67. Bessemer, Alabama. © 15Sep70; LP42343.

  68. Atlanta, Georgia. © 15Sep70; LP42344.

  69. Charlotte, North Carolina. © 15Sep70; LP41481.

  70. Hartsville, South Carolina. © 15Sep70; LP42345.

  71. Kill Devil Hills, North Carolina. © 15Sep70; LP42346.

  72. Norfolk, Virginia. © 15Sep70; LP41482.

  73. Washington, D.C. © 15Sep70; LP41483.

  74. Dover, Delaware. © 15Sep70; LP41484.

  75. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. © 15Sep70; LP41485.

  76. Manhattan, New York. © 15Sep70; LP41486.

  77. Bronx, New York. © 15Sep70; LP41487.

  78. Linden, New Jersey. © 15Sep70; LP42347.

  79. Hartford, Connecticut. © 15Sep70; LP41488.

  80. Old Saybrook, Connecticut. © 15Sep70; LP41489.

  81. Providence, Rhode Island. © 15Sep70; LP41490.

  82. Hyannis, Massachusetts. © 15Sep70; LP42348.

  83. Boston, Massachusetts. © 15Sep70; LP42349.

  84. Cliff Island, Maine. © 15Sep70; LP42350.

  85. Groveton, New Hampshire. © 15Sep70; LP42351.

  86. Seneca Falls, New York. © 15Sep70; LP42352.

  87. Buffalo, New York. © 15Sep70; LP42353.

  88. Corning, New York. © 15Sep70; LP42354.

  89. Schaefferstown, Pennsylvania. © 15Sep70; LP42355.

  90. Morgantown, Pennsylvania. © 15Sep70; LP42356.

  91. Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. © 15Sep70; LP42357.

  92. Cleveland, Ohio. © 15Sep70; LP42358.

  93. Detroit, Michigan. © 15Sep70; LP42359.

  94. Grand Rapids, Michigan. © 15Sep70; LP42360.

  95. Milwaukee, Wisconsin. © 15Sep70; LP42361.

  96. Monroe, Wisconsin. © 15Sep70; LP42362.

  97. Columbus, Ohio. © 15Sep70; LP42363.

  98. Cincinnati, Ohio. © 15Sep70; LP42364.

  99. Oak Ridge, Tennessee. © 15Sep70; LP42365.

  100. Asheville, North Carolina. © 15Sep70; LP42366.

FROM CAVE TO CITY. FilmFair Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© FilmFair, Inc.; 25Apr73; MP23929.

FRONTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Aug72;
MP24053.

FROZEN WORLD OF SEALS AND WALRUS. See

  ADVENTURE.

FRUIT FLIES: AN INQUIRY INTO BEHAVIOR. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 23Jun72; MP23446.

FULL VALUE FROM THE FULL SIZED NINETY-EIGHT. Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corp. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 15Jun73; MU8632.

FUNCTIONS: CIRCULAR & HYPERBOLIC. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye
Instruments. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Oct71; MP23595.

FUNCTIONS: DOMAIN AND RANGE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye
Instruments. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Creators, Harry
M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct71;
MP23597.

FUNCTIONS: INVERSES. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye Instruments.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey
& Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23599.

FUNCTIONS: POWERS OF X. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye
Instruments. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors:
Harry M. Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Oct71; MP23596.

FUNCTIONS, STATISTICS AND GRAPHS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin
Co.; 1Sep70; MP24111.

FUNDAMENTAL TECHNIQUES OF CHEMISTRY. See

  ANALYTICAL CHROMATOGRAPHY.

  APPROXIMATE WEIGHING: SIMPLE LABORATORY BALANCES.

  DISTILLATION.

  GRAVIMETRIC TECHNIQUES.

  INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.

  LIQUID-LIQUID EXTRACTION.

  PRECISION WEIGHING: THE SUBSTITUTION BALANCE.

  PURIFICATION OF SOLIDS BY RECRYSTALLIZATION.

  TITRATION.

  VOLUMETRIC TECHNIQUES.

FUNNY THING HAPPENED ON THE WAY TO LONDON. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

FUR ALL WE KNOW. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 48.


                                   G

GARDEN. Rodale Press. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Rodale Press, Inc. &
Michael Stusser; 24Jul72; MP23480.

GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23622.

GASOLINE WAR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GEAR UP FOR POPULATION BALANCE. Aircraft Owners & Pilots Assn. &
National Business Aircraft Assn. Made by Georgetown Productions. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aircraft Owners & Pilots Assn. & National
Business Aircraft Assn.; 25Mar73; MP23834.

GENERAL SWAP. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GENTLE DAWN. See

  LASSIE.

GEORGE MELIES' COLOR FILMS. Film Archives Co. 1–1/2 reels, si., color,
16 mm. NM: revision & compilation. © Film Archives Co. (in notice: Film
Archives); 15Jan73; LP42082.

GEORGE WASHINGTON'S MOUNT VERNON. Mount Vernon Ladies' Assn. of the
Union. Made by Andre de la Varre, Jr. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Mount Vernon Ladies' Assn. of the Union (in notice: Mount Vernon Ladies'
Assn.); 25Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23555.

GERMAN BRIDGE IS FALLING DOWN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GESTAPO TAKEOVER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GET FIT OR GO FIGHT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GET TO KNOW YOUR RABBIT. Acrobatic Muffin Works, West, & Smothers, Inc.
Released by Warner Bros. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. A
Bernhardt-Gaer production. © Warner Bros., Inc., Acrobatic Muffin Works,
West, Inc. & Smothers, Inc.; 7Jun72; LP41680.

GETTING STAFF ASSIGNMENTS DONE THROUGH OTHERS. American Management Assn.
5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72;
MP23909.

GETTING THEM STARTED. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 28Feb73; MP23919.

GETTING THERE FIRST. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. Approx. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. A Ronox production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
18Dec72; LP41602.

GEUTZOW MODIFIED METHOD. See

  BLOOD UREA NITROGEN (GEUTZOW MODIFIED METHOD)

GHOST TOWNS OF THE WESTWARD MARCH. Alfred Higgins Productions. 18 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 25Apr73; MP24034.

[GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Gillette Co. Approx. 30 sec. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: J. Walter Thompson Co. © Gillette Co.

  Durocher/umpire. GSRP2073. © 3Jun72; MP23484.

  Father and son. GSRP2093. © 27Aug72; MP23486.

  Uncut. GSRF2023. © 4Sep72; MP23485.

GINGER ROGERS COMES TO TEA. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

GIRL IN THE ELECTRIC COFFIN. See

  CANNON.

THE GIRLS IN TRUCK 7. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

GIVE CHANGE A CHANCE. American Management Assn. 8 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23906.

GIVE MY REGRETS TO BROADWAY. See

  MCCLOUD.

GLACIATION. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Aug72;
MP23894.

THE GLASS CAGE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

GLASSES FOR SUSAN: A NEW DAY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 10Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23718.

GLEN ROSE, TEXAS. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

GO BLOW YOUR HORN. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

GO LIGHT ON THE HEAVY WATER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GO, MAN GO. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

GOD-MAN IN GURUPRASAD. Meher Prasad, Inc. 13 min., si., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Mani S. Irani. © Meher Prasad, Inc.; 25May72; MP23567.

GODSPELL. Columbia Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
Lansbury-Duncan-Beruh production. © Columbia Pictures, Inc.; 20Mar73;
LP42089.

GOING MY WAY. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE GOLD RUSH. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GOLDEN EAGLE. See

  LASSIE.

GOLDEN EVENINGS OF SUMMER. See

  CHARLEY AND THE ANGEL.

THE GOLFER. Crunch Bird Studios. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Ted Petok. © Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.; 26Oct72; LP41507.

GOLIATH II. See

  THE MOUSE FACTORY. No. 3691.

GOMER PYLE—USMC. Ashland Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Ashland Productions.

  Caution: low overhead. © 8Jul66; LP42265.

  The crow ganef. © 3Feb67; LP42262.

  Follow that car! © 30Sep66; LP42266.

  Go blow your horn. © 11Nov66; LP42270.

  Gomer and the card shark. © 25Nov66; LP42272.

  Gomer, the recruiter. © 14Oct66; LP42268.

  Gomer, the Welsh rarebit fiend. © 6Jan67; LP42258.

  Lost, the Colonel's daughter. © 27Jan67; LP42261.

  Lou-Ann Poovie sings again. © 16Dec66; LP42275.

  Lou-Ann Poovie sings no more. © 17Feb67; LP42264.

  One of our shells is missing. © 10Feb67; LP42263.

  The secret life of Gomer Pyle. © 21Oct66; LP42269.

  Sing a song of Papa. © 13Jan67; LP42259.

  Sue the pants off 'em. © 2Dec66; LP42273.

  To re-enlist or not to re-enlist. © 9Dec66; LP42274.

  Where there's a will. © 20Jan67; LP42260.

  Wither the weather? © 7Oct66; LP42267.

  You bet your won ton. © 18Nov66; LP42271.

GOMER PYLE—USMC. Ashland Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © Ashland Productions.

  Third finger, left loaf. © 6Jul65; LP42257.

GOOBER MAKES HISTORY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

GOOBER'S CONTEST. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

GOOD NIGHT BABY, TIME TO DIE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

THE GOOD SKATE. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 33.

GOODBYE BILLY: AMERICA GOES TO WAR, 1917–1918. Cadre Films. 25 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. authors: R. C. Raack, Wm. F. Malloch & Patrick H.
Griffin. Appl. states prev. reg. 5Oct71, MU8370. NM: about 5% of film
sequences. © R. C. Raack, Wm. F. Malloch & Patrick H. Griffin,
partnership under fictitious business names Cadre & Cadre Films; 1Oct72;
MP23416.

GOODBYE, DOLLY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

GOWNS BY YVETTE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GRAND RAPIDS, MICHIGAN. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 94.

THE GRANDMOTHERS. See

  ADAM–12.

GRAVEL SPRINGS FIFE AND DRUM. Bill Ferris, David Evans & Judy Peiser. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bill Ferris, David Evans & Judy Peiser;
6Nov71; MP24032.

GRAVIMETRIC TECHNIQUES. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl.
author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul68; MP23646.

GRAY PASSENGER. See

  THE FBI.

THE GREAT BRINKSMEYER ROBBERY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

GREAT GUY. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 54.

THE GREAT IMPERSONATION. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE GREAT WALTZ. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 136 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 6Nov72; LP42097.

GREENLAND: STONE AGE TO JET AGE. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 5Jul72; MP23593.

GREENWOOD, MISSISSIPPI. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 58.

GROUP EXERCISES. Pt. 2. American Management Assn. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71; MP23901.

GROVETON, NEW HAMPSHIRE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 85.

GUATEMALA: ADELA'S REBOZO. Salisbury Educational Media. Distributed by
Doubleday Multimedia. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions. © Salisbury Educational Media,
Inc.; 2Oct69; MP23983.

GUESS WHO CAME TO DINNER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE GUNSLINGER. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

GUNSMOKE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Alias Festus Haggin. © 28Feb72; LP41569.

  Blind man's buff. © 14Feb72; LP41568.

  The bullet, pt. 3. © 6Dec71; LP41585.

  Drago. © 15Nov71; LP41584.

  Hidalgo. © 3Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41563.

  The legend. © 11Oct71; LP41579.

  Lijah. © 1Nov71; LP41582.

  The lost. © 6Sep71; LP41576.

  Lynott. © 25Oct71; LP41581.

  My brother's keeper. © 8Nov71; LP41583.

  New doctor in town. © 4Oct71; LP41578.

  No tomorrow. © 27Dec71; LP41587.

  One for the road. © 17Jan72; LP41566.

  P.S.: Murry Christmas. © 20Dec71; LP41586.

  Phoenix. © 13Sep71; LP41577.

  The predators. © 24Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41564.

  Trafton. © 18Oct71; LP41580.

  The wedding. © 6Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41565.

  Yankton. © 31Jan72; LP41567.

GYPSY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.


                                   H

HALL OF JUSTICE. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

HAMMERMAN IN WILLIAMSBURG: THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY BLACKSMITH. Colonial
Williamsburg Foundation. 37 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colonial
Williamsburg Foundation; 22Jan73; MP23793.

HANDLING A COMPLAINING EMPLOYEE. Applied Learning Associates. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher.
© Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23769.

HANDS OF LOVE. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

HANDWRITING ON THE DOOR. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

HAPPINESS IS A WARM SERGEANT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY ADOLPH. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HAPPY BIRTHDAY, DEAR HOGAN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE HARNESS. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World
premiere) Suggested by John Steinbeck's story. © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 12Nov71; LP41895.

HARTFORD, CONNECTICUT. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 79.

HARTSVILLE, SOUTH CAROLINA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 70.

THE HARVEST BALL. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

HATHA YOGA DARSHANA: THE YOGA POINT OF VIEW. Inquiry Films. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: James Norman Kasper. © Inquiry Films,
Inc.; 28Nov72; MP23767.

HAVE I GOT AN APARTMENT FOR YOU. See

  THE PARTNERS.

HAWAII FIVE–0. Leonard Freeman Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

  Air cargo—dial for murder. © 19Oct71; LP41595.

  And, I want some candy and a gun that shoots. © 12Oct71; LP41596.

  Bait once, bait twice. © 28Dec71; LP41681.

  The burning ice. © 2Nov71; LP41589.

  Cloth of gold. © 1Feb72; LP41572.

  Didn't we meet at a murder? © 15Feb72; LP415744.

  Follow the white brick road. © 22Feb72; LP41575.

  For a million, why not? © 26Oct71; LP41594.

  Good night baby, time to die. © 8Feb72; LP41573.

  Highest castle, deepest grave. © 7Sep71; LP41588.

  Is this any way to run a paradise? © 7Dec71; LP41592.

  A matter of mutual concern. © 16Nov71; LP41591.

  The 90 second war, pt. 1. © 4Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41560.

  The 90 second war, pt. 2. © 11Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41561.

  No bottles, no cans, no people. © 14Sep71; LP41600.

  Odd man in. © 21Dec71; LP41593.

  R & R & R. © 29Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41562.

  Rest in peace, somebody. © 9Nov71; LP41590.

  Skinhead. © 18Jan72; LP41570.

  3,000 crooked miles to Honolulu. © 28Sep71; LP41598.

  Two doves and Mr. Heron. © 5Oct71; LP41597.

  Wednesday, ladies free. © 21Sep71; LP41599.

  While you're at it, bring in the moon. © 25Jan72; LP41571.

HE, SHE & ME. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 52.

HEADLINES FOR HIGGENBOTTOM. See

  THE PARTNERS.

HEALTH. Sutherland Learning Associates. 46 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Most important person) © Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.; 3Apr72;
LP41653.

THE HEALTH FOOD MOVEMENT. FilmFair Communications. 17 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 6Mar73; MP23753.

HEALTH IN AMERICA, PT. 1: THE PROMISE AND THE PRACTICE. See

  CBS REPORTS.

HEALTH IN AMERICA, PT. 2: DON'T GET SICK IN AMERICA. See

  CBS REPORTS.

HEARING: AUDITORY SYSTEM. Teaching Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 23May73; MU8628.

HEART AND CIRCULATORY SYSTEM. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Exploring the body) © Films, Inc.; 16Mar73 (in notice: 1971); MP24088.

THE HEART THAT WOULDN'T STAY BURIED. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

HEAT. Syn-Frank Enterprises. Distributed by Levitt-Pickman Film Corp.
100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Score-Sarx, Ltd. © Beta Film
Co. limited partnership; Seymour Frank & Sidney Sinetar, general
partners; 6Oct72; LP41633.

HEAT EXPANDS MATTER. Doubleday Multimedia. Approx. 2 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 9Mar73 (in notice:
1972); MP23831.

HEAT'S ON. See

  COME BACK CHARLESTON BLUE.

HEIL KLINK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HELEN CORDERO. Kent State University. 1 reel, sd., color. © Kent State
University; 26Jan73; MU8514.

HELEN, THE AUTHORESS. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

THE HELICOPTER SPIES. Arena Productions. Released by
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 2Oct67; LP41879.

HELLO, ZOLLE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HELP ON THE FARM. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

HELPING AN EMPLOYEE TO LEARN THE JOB. Applied Learning Associates. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin
Sorcher. © Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23772.

HERE COMES GLORY, PT. 1–2. See

  LASSIE.

HERE COMES THE FUZZ. See

  THE PARTNERS.

HERE'S LUCY. Lucille Ball Productions. Approx. 27 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.

  Ginger Rogers comes to tea. © 8Nov71; LP42175.

  Kim finally cuts you know whose apron strings. © 21Feb72 (in notice:
  1971); LP42166.

  Kim moves out. © 24Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42162.

  Lucy and Ann Margret. © 2Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP42052.

  Lucy and Candid Camera. © 13Dec71; LP42180.

  Lucy and Carol Burnett. © 2Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP42055.

  Lucy and Flip go legit. © 13Sep71; LP42167.

  Lucy and Harry's Italian bombshell. © 27Sep71; LP42169.

  Lucy and Harry's tonsils. © 20Oct69; LP42060.

  Lucy and her all nun band. © 1Nov71; LP42174.

  Lucy and Johnny Carson. © 1Dec69; LP42066.

  Lucy and Lawrence Welk. © 19Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP42050.

  Lucy and Liberace. © 5Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP42335.

  Lucy and Mannix are held hostage. © 4Oct71; LP42170.

  Lucy and the Andrews Sisters. © 27Oct69; LP42061.

  Lucy and the astronauts. © 11Oct71; LP42171.

  Lucy and the bogie affair. © 15Dec69; LP42068.

  Lucy and the celebrities. © 15Nov71; LP42176.

  Lucy and the Chinese curse. © 10Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42160.

  Lucy and the generation gap. © 8Dec69; LP42067.

  Lucy and the Indian chief. © 6Oct69; LP42058.

  Lucy and the little old lady. © 3Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42159.

  Lucy and the used car dealer. © 17Nov69; LP42064.

  Lucy and Viv visit Tijuana. © 26Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP42051.

  Lucy and Wally Cox. © 9Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP42053.

  Lucy and Wayne Newton. © 16Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP42054.

  Lucy at the drive-in movie. © 10Nov69; LP42063.

  Lucy goes to the Air Force Academy, pt. 1–2. © 22Sep69, LP42056;
  29Sep69; LP42057.

  Lucy helps David Frost go night night. © 29Nov71; LP42178.

  Lucy in the jungle. © 6Dec71; LP42179.

  Lucy makes a few extra dollars. © 18Oct71; LP42172.

  Lucy protects her job. © 22Dec69; LP42069.

  Lucy runs the rapids. © 13Oct69; LP42059.

  Lucy sublets the office. © 31Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42163.

  Lucy takes over. © 23Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP42334.

  Lucy the cement worker. © 24Nov69; LP42065.

  Lucy the helpful mother. © 29Dec69; LP42070.

  Lucy the laundress. © 12Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP42049.

  Lucy the mountain climber. © 20Sep71; LP42168.

  Lucy's bonus bounces. © 27Dec71; LP42182.

  Lucy's burglar alarm. © 3Nov69; LP42062.

  Lucy's lucky day. © 20Dec71; LP42181.

  Lucy's punctured romance. © 7Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP42164.

  Lucy's replacement. © 17Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42161.

  Someone's on the ski lift with Dinah. © 25Oct71; LP42173.

  With Viv as a friend who needs an enemy? © 14Feb72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP42165.

  Won't you calm down Dan Dailey. © 22Nov71; LP42177.

HERITAGE OF ANGER. See

  BONANZA.

THE HERMAPHRODITE CALIPER. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23507.

THE HERO. New Directions Production Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
authors: Karl Hosch & Charles Walker. © New Directions Production Co.;
16Mar73; LP42035.

HI, SCHOOL. Institute for Development of Educational Activities. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for Development of Educational
Activities, Inc.; 16Oct70; MP23947.

HIDALGO. See

  GUNSMOKE.

HIDDEN ENEMY. See

  BONANZA.

HIDE PREPARATION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 276) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23461.

HIGHEST CASTLE, DEEPEST GRAVE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

HIGHLAND INDIANS OF PERU. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
16May69; MP24098.

THE HISTORY OF MAPS. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by Leo Sullivan
Associates. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, division
of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 5Nov70; MP23986.

THE HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN COLONIES. Lorrimer Pub. Made by CCM Films.
15 motion pictures in 8 reels, sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Lorrimer Pub., Ltd.; 21Jun71 (in notice: 1969); MP23744.

THE HIT MAN. Penelope Productions. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 91
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel Jack's return home, by Ted
Lewis. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 20Dec72; LP41818.

HOCKEY, THE RIGHT WAY. Sports Films & Talents. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Sports Films & Talents, Inc.; 21Oct72; MP23478.

HOGAN'S HEROES. Bing Crosby Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd., b&w,
16 mm. Produced in association with CBS-TV Network. © Bing Crosby
Productions, Inc.

  The informer. © 17Sep65; LP42192.

HOGAN'S HEROES. Bing Crosby Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. A Viacom presentation. Produced in association with Bob
Crane Enterprises & CBS TV Network. © Hogan's Horde.

  The big broadcast. © 6Dec70; LP41981.

  The big record. © 15Nov70; LP41970.

  Cuisine a la Stalag 13. © 20Sep70; LP42079.

  The dropouts. © 27Dec70; LP41979.

  Easy come, easy go. © 10Jan71; LP41963.

  Eight o'clock and all is well. © 8Nov70; LP41971.

  The experts. © 27Sep70; LP42078.

  The gestapo takeover. © 25Oct70; LP41968.

  The gypsy. © 13Dec70; LP41977.

  Hogan's double life. © 7Mar71; LP41974.

  It's dynamite. © 22Nov70; LP41978.

  The kamikazes are coming. © 21Feb71; LP41975.

  Klink for the defense. © 7Feb71; LP41966.

  Klink's masterpiece. © 4Oct70; LP42080.

  Kommandant Gertrude. © 28Feb71; LP41973.

  Kommandant Schultz. © 1Nov70; LP41967.

  Lady Chitterly's lover, pt. 1. © 11Oct70; LP42081.

  Lady Chitterly's lover, pt. 2. © 18Oct70; LP41969.

  Look at the pretty snowflakes. © 21Mar71; LP41976.

  The meister spy. © 17Jan71; LP41965.

  Operation tiger. © 29Nov70; LP41980.

  Rockets or romance. © 4Apr71; LP41972.

  That's no lady, that's my spy. © 24Jan71 (in notice: 1970); LP41962.

  To Russia without love. © 21Jan71; LP41964.

HOGAN'S HEROES. Bing Crosby Productions. Approx. 29 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in association with CBS-TV Network. © Bing Crosby
Productions, Inc.

  Anchors aweigh, men of Stalag 13. © 31Dec65; LP42213.

  The antique. © 12Dec69; LP41760.

  Art for Hogan's sake. © 30Dec66; LP41717.

  The assassin. © 8Apr66; LP42191.

  At last—Schultz knows something. © 26Dec69 (in notice: 1970); LP41725.

  Axis Annie. © 10Feb68; LP41749.

  Bad day in Berlin. © 7Dec68; LP41983.

  The battle of Stalag 13. © 14Oct66; LP41772.

  The big dish. © 8Mar69; LP41722.

  The big gamble. © 21Nov69; LP41759.

  The big picture. © 14Nov69; LP41709.

  Bombsight. © 7Nov69; LP41781.

  Carter turns traitor. © 23Dec67; LP41765.

  Casanova Klink. © 14Oct67; LP41715.

  Clearance sale at the black market. © 28Sep68; LP41753.

  The collector general. © 9Mar68; LP41705.

  Colonel Klink's secret weapon. © 24Mar67; LP41739.

  Color the Luftwaffe red. © 16Nov68; LP41698.

  The Crittendon plan. © 9Sep67; LP41714.

  Crittendon's commandos. © 30Mar70; LP41688.

  Cupid comes to Stalag 13. © 15Apr66; LP42188.

  D-Day at Stalag 13. © 23Sep67; LP41692.

  The defector. © 28Nov69; LP41782.

  Diamonds in the rough. © 30Sep66; LP41770.

  Don't forget to write. © 9Dec66; LP41696.

  Drums along the Dusseldorf. © 30Mar68 (in notice: 1967); LP41724.

  Duel on honor. © 3Feb68; LP41743.

  The empty parachute. © 5Dec69; LP41783.

  Evening of the generals. © 2Dec67; LP41986.

  Everybody loves a snowman. © 9Dec67; LP41987.

  Everyone has a brother-in-law. © 17Feb67; LP41689.

  Fat Hermann, go home! © 16Jan70; LP41764.

  The flame grows higher. © 22Apr66; LP42189.

  The flight of the Valkyrie. © 15Oct65; LP42195.

  The 43rd, a moving story. © 25Feb66; LP42203.

  Funny thing happened on the way to London. © 7Oct67; LP41784.

  The gasoline war. © 17Oct69; LP41779.

  The general swap. © 6Jan67; LP41774.

  German Bridge is falling down. © 29Oct65; LP42196.

  Get fit or go fight. © 9Jan70; LP41707.

  Go light on the heavy water. © 12Nov65; LP42207.

  The gold rush. © 14Jan66; LP42199.

  Gowns by Yvette. © 30Jan70; LP41763.

  The great Brinksmeyer robbery. © 13Jan67; LP41727.

  The great impersonation. © 4Feb66; LP42202.

  Guess who came to dinner? © 23Nov68; LP41733.

  Happiness is a warm sergeant. © 26Nov65; LP42208.

  Happy birthday Adolph. © 7Jan66; LP42198.

  Happy birthday, dear Hogan. © 22Mar69; LP41757.

  Heil Klink. © 10Feb67; LP41738.

  Hello, Zolle. © 21Jan66; LP42200.

  Hogan and the lady doctor. © 27Jan67; LP41726.

  Hogan gives a birthday party. © 16Sep66; LP41736.

  Hogan, go home. © 13Jan68; LP41748.

  Hogan goes Hollywood. © 26Sep69; LP41767.

  Hogan's hofbrau. © 10Dec65; LP42210.

  Hogan's springs. © 28Oct66; LP41777.

  Hogan's trucking service, we deliver the factory to you. © 19Oct68;
  LP41751.

  Hold that tiger. © 24Sep65; LP42214.

  The hostage. © 16Dec67; LP41746.

  Hot money. © 4Nov67; LP41984.

  How to catch a papa bear. © 12Oct68; LP41732.

  How to cook a German goose by radar. © 4Mar66; LP42193.

  How to escape from a prison camp without really leaving. © 2Mar68;
  LP41744.

  How to win friends and influence Nazis. © 21Oct67; LP41788.

  How's the weather? © 2Jan70; LP41762.

  I look better in basic black. © 1Apr66; LP42187.

  Information please. © 23Dec66; LP41775.

  Is General Hammerschlag burning? © 18Nov67; LP41787.

  Is there a doctor in the house? © 6Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP41695.

  Is there a traitor in the house? © 19Dec69; LP41761.

  It takes a thief, sometimes. © 28Jan66; LP42201.

  Killer Klink. © 24Feb67; LP41728.

  A Klink, a bomb and a short fuse. © 4Nov66; LP41776.

  The Klink Commandos. © 10Oct69; LP41758.

  Klink versus the gonculator. © 5Oct68; LP41731.

  Klink's escape. © 27Mar70; LP41694.

  Klink's old flame. © 8Feb69; LP41720.

  Klink's rocket. © 16Dec66; LP41693.

  The Kommandant dies at dawn. © 31Oct69; LP41780.

  Kommandant of the year. © 1Oct65; LP42194.

  The late inspector general. © 8Oct65; LP42204.

  LeBeau and the little old lady. © 24Feb68; LP41706.

  Man in a box. © 28Dec68; LP41755.

  Man's best friend is not his dog. © 2Nov68; LP41752.

  The merry widow. © 13Mar70; LP41701.

  The missing Klink. © 4Jan69; LP41719.

  Monkey business. © 23Mar68; LP41988.

  The most escape proof prison camp I've ever escaped from. © 10Mar67;
  LP41730.

  Movies are your best escape. © 5Nov65; LP42206.

  My favorite prisoner. © 25Jan69; LP41735.

  Never play cards with strangers. © 9Nov68; LP41754.

  Nights in shining armor. © 28Oct67; LP41786.

  No names please. © 30Nov68; LP41700.

  Oil for the lamps of Hogan. © 17Dec65; LP42211.

  One army at a time. © 13Feb70; LP41684.

  One in every crowd. © 11Nov67; LP41740.

  Operation briefcase. © 7Oct66; LP41771.

  Operation Hannibal. © 18Jan69; LP41766.

  The pizza parlor. © 11Feb66; LP42183.

  Praise the Fuehrer and pass the ammunition. © 20Jan67; LP41737.

  The prince from the phone company. © 18Mar66; LP42185.

  Prisoner's prisoner. © 22Oct65; LP42205.

  Psychic kommandant. © 11Mar66; LP42184.

  The purchasing plan. © 22Feb69; LP41723.

  The reluctant target. © 7Apr67; LP41713.

  Request permission to escape. © 29Apr66; LP42190.

  Reservations are required. © 24Dec65; LP42212.

  The return of Major Bonacelli. © 15Mar69; LP41704.

  The Reverend Kommandant Klink. © 3Mar67; LP41690.

  The rise and fall of Sgt. Schultz. © 21Oct66; LP41773.

  A Russian is coming. © 25Nov67; LP41985.

  The safecracker suite. © 25Mar66; LP42186.

  The Schultz brigade. © 23Sep66; LP41769.

  The scientist. © 3Dec65; LP42209.

  Sgt. Schultz meets Mata Hari. © 30Sep67; LP41785.

  The Sergeant's analyst. © 6Mar70; LP41685.

  Six lessons from Madame La Grange. © 27Feb70; LP41687.

  The softer they fall. © 23Jan70; LP41745.

  Some of their planes are missing. Appl. ti.: Some of the planes are
  missing. © 16Sep67; LP41691.

  Standing room only. © 20Feb70; LP41686.

  Sticky wicket, Newkirk. © 20Jan68; LP41741.

  The swing shift. © 3Feb67; LP41729.

  Tanks for the memory. © 11Nov66; LP41716.

  A tiger hunt in Paris, pt. 1. © 18Nov66; LP41778.

  A tiger hunt in Paris, pt. 2. © 25Nov66; LP41718.

  To the gestapo with love. © 26Oct68; LP41982.

  Top hat, white tie & bombsight. © 19Nov65; LP42197.

  The top secret top coat. © 31Mar67; LP41712.

  The tower. © 17Mar67; LP41711.

  Two Nazis for the price of one. © 30Dec67; LP41747.

  The ultimate weapon. © 16Mar68; LP41742.

  Unfair exchange. © 24Oct69; LP41710.

  Up in Klink's room. © 15Feb69; LP41721.

  War takes a holiday. © 27Jan68; LP41697.

  Watch the trains go by. © 1Feb69; LP41703.

  The well. © 3Oct69; LP41768.

  What time does the balloon go up? © 17Feb68; LP41750.

  Who stole my copy of Mein Kampf? © 11Jan69; LP41734.

  Will the Blue Baron strike again? © 14Dec68; LP41699.

  Will the real Adolf Hitler please stand up? © 2Dec66; LP41702.

  Will the real Colonel Klink please stand against the wall. © 21Dec68;
  LP41756.

  The witness. © 1Mar69; LP41708.

HOLD THAT TIGER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOLDUPS: WHAT TO DO. American Institute of Banking, an educational
division of American Bankers Assn. Distributed by BNA Films. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Bankers Assn.; 25Aug72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23716.

HOME. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

HOMECOMING. See

  LASSIE.

HOMMAGE A LA TUNISIE. Nelson Maiolini. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Nelson Maiolini; 15Jun73; LU3650.

HONEYMOUSERS. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

HONG KONG: BEYOND THE SAILS. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

HORIZONTAL BELT LOOM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 286) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23471.

HORSENAPPERS. See

  LASSIE.

HOSTAGE. See

  THE FBI.

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOT MONEY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOUGHTON MIFFLIN READING PROGRAM. See

  SENSE ABILITY: 3 COMPREHENSION SKILLS.

  WORDS' WORTH: 5 LITERARY SKILLS.

THE HOUSE THAT CRIED MURDER. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

HOUSEWIFE/SHERIFF/GURU. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

HOW ANIMALS MOVE ON LAND. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23537.

HOW IT BEGAN. See

  NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER.

HOW MANY CARATS IN A GRAPEFRUIT. See

  THE PARTNERS.

HOW RIGHT FOR THE JOB: FACTORY VERSION. American Management Assn. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71;
MP23896.

HOW RIGHT FOR THE JOB: OFFICE VERSION. American Management Assn. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71; MP23902.

HOW TO CARE FOR A FRESH-WATER AQUARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP23541.

HOW TO CATCH A PAPA BEAR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOW TO COOK A GERMAN GOOSE BY RADAR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOW TO ESCAPE FROM A PRISON CAMP WITHOUT REALLY LEAVING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOW TO FOLLOW THROUGH ON AN ASSIGNMENT. American Management Assn. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72;
MP23903.

HOW TO ROB A BANK IN ONE HARD LESSON. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

HOW TO SET UP A DESERT TERRARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23524.

HOW TO SET UP A FOREST TERRARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23543.

HOW TO SET UP A SWAMP TERRARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23531.

HOW TO SET UP AN ANT FARM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23530.

HOW TO SET UP AN AQUARIUM. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23535.

HOW TO SET UP AND CARE FOR AN EARTHWORM FARM. Visual Education. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP23548.

HOW TO STEAL THE WORLD. Arena Productions. Released by
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 31Dec67 (in notice: 1968); LP41880.

HOW TO WIN FRIENDS AND INFLUENCE NAZIS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HOWARD, THE COMEDIAN. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

HOWARD'S HOBBY. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

A HOWLING IN THE WOODS. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (World premiere) Based on the novel by Velda Johnston. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 5Nov71; LP41881.

HOW'S THE WEATHER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

HUMAN BLOOD TYPING. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP23577.

THE HUMAN DIMENSION. Southern Baptist Convention's Radio & Television
Commission. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Southern Baptist
Convention's Radio & Television Commission.

  Fra Angelico. © 1Jan73; LP42040.

  Glen Rose, Texas. © 1Jan73; LP42036.

  Home. © 1Jan71; LP42041.

  Hong Kong: Beyond the sails. © 1Jan69; LP42046.

  The new Samaritans. © 1Jan73; LP42038.

  Pilgrimage. © 1Jan70; LP42043.

  Raphael. © 1Jan73; LP42039.

  Remembrance. © 1Jan71; LP42042.

  Requiem. © 1Jan70; LP42037.

  Thailand: A new voice in Buddha's garden. © 1Jan69; LP42048.

  Thailand: Goodbye to a small and magic dragon. © 1Jan69; LP42047.

  A time of waking. © 1Jan69; LP42045.

  Treaties. © 1Jan70; LP42044.

HUNTER. See

  BONANZA.

HURRICANES. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Aug72;
MP24054.

HYANNIS, MASSACHUSETTS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 82.

HYBRIDS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in notice: 1970);
MP23738.

HYDREA AND RADIATION THERAPY FOR HEAD AND NECK CANCER. E. R. Squibb &
Sons. Made by Sturgis-Grant Productions. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
E. R. Squibb & Sons, Inc.; 30Nov72; MP23396.

THE HYPERACTIVE CHILD. Ciba Educational Services. Made by Medical
Communications. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Medical Communications,
Inc.; 11May70 (in notice: 1969); MP23835.

HYPOPHYSECTOMY. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23647.


                                   I

I AM JOE'S HEART. Reader's Digest Assn. Made by Nicholson Muir
Productions. 25 min., sd., color. Videotape cassette. Based on a series
by J. D. Ratcliff. © Reader's Digest Assn., Inc.; 7Sep72 (in notice:
1971); LP41556.

I CAN HARDLY TELL YOU APART. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

I DO NOT BELONG TO THE HUMAN WORLD. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW HOW WELL RHONDA IS DOING IN SCHOOL.
Institute for Development of Educational Activities. 39 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The League) © Institute for Development of Educational
Activities, Inc.; 3Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP23950.

I LOOK BETTER IN BASIC BLACK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

I SHOULD HAVE LET HIM DIE. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

I TOOK THE HIGH ROAD. International Temperance Assn. Released by Listen
Magazine. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: G. J. Bertochini. ©
International Temperance Assn.; 1Dec71; LP41825.

I WOULD, IF I ONLY HAD THE TIME. California Real Estate Assn. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Clark Howat. © California Real Estate
Assn.; 28Feb73; MP24005.

IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: ARTICULATION. Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
authors: Marilyn Berman & Edwin Leach. Appl. ti.: Speech & hearing
disorders. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr72; MP23858.

IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: LANGUAGE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 23 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Marilyn Berman & Edwin Leach. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr72;
MP23860.

IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: STUTTERING. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Marilyn Berman & Edwin Leach. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr72;
MP23861.

IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: VOICE AND RESONANCE. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Appl. authors: Marilyn Berman & Edwin Leach. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr72; MP23859.

IF YOU WERE ALMOST THE ONLY MAN IN THE WORLD. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 56.

IGNEOUS PROCESSES. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
30Aug72; MP24052.

I'LL BUY THAT! Roundtable Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 15Nov72; LP41500.

I'M REALLY TRYING. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

IMPALA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8576.

THE IMPATIENT HEART. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 8Oct71; LP41890.

THE IMPROBABLE FORM OF MASTER STURM. Institute for Development of
Educational Activities. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for
Development of Educational Activities, Inc. (IDEA); 3Sep68; MP23756.

IN DEFENSE OF ELLEN MCKAY. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

IN MY FATHER'S HOUSE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

IN SUDDEN DARKNESS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE INCREDIBLE AUTO RACE. See

  ADVENTURE.

INDETERMINATE FORMS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual Learning
Corp. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M.
Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP23605.

INDUSTRIAL FIRE PROTECTION AND CONTROL. See

  SELF-CONTAINED RESPIRATORY PROTECTION.

INDUSTRIAL REGION IN SWEDEN. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
21Apr69; MP24100.

INDUSTRY. Richard A. Sanderson. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Life in
China) Produced in cooperation with Ohio State University Dept. of
Photography & Cinema. © Richard A. Sanderson; 21Aug72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23517.

INFANCY. Communications/Research/Machines. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP23574.

INFANCY. See

  DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: INFANCY.

INFORMATION PLEASE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

INFORMED CONSENT. Medi-Counseling Films. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. © Medi-Counseling Films; 10Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24023.

THE INFORMER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl.
author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug68; MP23644.

INITIATION. See

  BONANZA.

THE INNER EAR. Films, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring the
body) © Films, Inc.; 13Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24091.

INNOCENT BYSTANDERS. Sagittarius Productions. [London] Released in the
U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the
novel by James Munro. © Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 12Oct72; LP41502.

INNOCENTS. See

  LASSIE.

INSTRUCTIONAL CONCEPTS PROGRAM: A BEGINNING TO SUCCESSFUL LEARNING.
Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational Research & Development. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational
Research & Development; 1Feb72; MP23847.

THE INTEGRAL. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Kaye Instruments. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey &
Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct71; MP23598.

THE INTENTION TO TAKE: THE INFANCY OF OBJECT CAPTURE. Center for
Cognitive Studies, Harvard University. Distributed by John Wiley & Sons.
14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Jerome S. Bruner & Allegra May; 26Oct72;
MP23816.

INTERMITTENT POSITIVE PRESSURE BREATHING. Case Western Reserve
University. Made by Edward Feil Productions. Distributed by Year Book
Medical Publishers. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Case Western Reserve
University: 1Sep71; MP23913.

INTERVIEW. American Management Assn. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Management Assn.; 23Dec71; MP23898.

INTRODUCING ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin
Co.; 1Sep70; MP24114.

INTRODUCING DIVISION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23686.

INTRODUCING ECOLOGY: DEPENDENCE AND SHARING. Coronet Instructional
Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Aug72; MP24014.

INTRODUCING MULTIPLICATION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 19 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP24112.

INTRODUCING SETS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP23688.

INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 7. Review Educational Films.
10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 25Sep72; MP23389.

INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 8. Review Educational Films.
10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 25Sep72; MP23390.

INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 9. Review Educational Films.
10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Review Educational Films,
Inc.; 25Sep72; MP23391.

INTRODUCTION TO HOLOGRAPHY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 5May72; MP23722.

INTRODUCTION TO THE LASER. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
5Mar73; MP23725.

INVASION OF KEVIN IRELAND. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

INVENT YOUR OWN FUTURE. See

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING.

INVERSION, RETENTION, AND RACEMIZATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Old Pueblo Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
authors: Rod O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Aug70; MP23609.

INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT: Pt. 1: Bleeding and coagulation
time. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon.
© Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23889.

INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT: Pt. 2: Prothrombin time. Harper &
Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23881.

THE INVESTITURE OF PRINCE CHARLES. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

THE INVITATION: WHAT WOULD YOU DO? & THE PLAN: WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
American Management Assn. 2 motion pictures in 1 reel, sd., color, 16
mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23908.

IRISH BOY—THE STORY OF SEAN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub.
29Mar48, 2904. NM: additions. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp.; 2Jun72; MP23736.

IS GENERAL HAMMERSCHLAG BURNING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

IS GOLD OBSOLETE? Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. Made by
NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 11Feb69; MP23980.

IS THERE A DOCTOR IN THE HOUSE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

IS THERE A SOLUTION. See

  POLLUTION AND POPULATION.

IS THERE A TRAITOR IN THE HOUSE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

IS THIS ANY WAY TO RUN A PARADISE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

ISLAND CAPER. See

  CANNON.

IT IS SO SOON THAT I AM DONE FOR, I WONDER WHAT I WAS BEGUN FOR. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

IT TAKES A THIEF, SOMETIMES. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

IT'S DYNAMITE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

IT'S UP TO YOU. R.M. Productions. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: William B. Risk. © William B. Risk & Roy Mills d.b.a. R.M.
Productions a.k.a. R.M. Products; 26Feb73; MP23812.


                                   J

JACK NICKLAUS ON GOLF. American Guide Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Jack Nicklaus; 12Nov72 (in notice: 1971); MP23666.

JACK'S RETURN HOME. See

  THE HIT MAN.

JAILBREAK AT JUNCTION CITY. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

JAMAICA: AINSLEY'S FISH STORY. Salisbury Educational Media. Distributed
by Doubleday Multimedia. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions. © Salisbury Educational Media,
Inc.; 2Oct69; MP23985.

JAPANESE FARMERS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 21Apr69;
MP24069.

JEAN PIAGET EQUILIBRATION. See

  EQUILIBRATION.

JENNIFER. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

JOE GORES: A PENNY A WORD. Silver Burdett Co. Made by Davidson Films. 21
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Writers on writing) © General Learning Corp.;
29Dec72; MP23844.

JOHN PIPER. See

  LASSIE.

THE JOKERS. Adastra Film Productions. Released by Universal Pictures. 94
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Adastra Film Productions, Ltd.; 1Jul67 (in
notice: 1966); LP41659.

JOT. Southern Baptist Convention's Radio-Television Commission & Foreign
Mission Board. Made by Keitz & Herndon. Approx. 4 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © Southern Baptist Convention's Radio-Television Commission.
Episode no.

  18. Jot learns how to play. © 1Jan73; LP41900.

JOURNEY THROUGH ROSEBUD. GSF Productions. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. © GSF Productions, Inc.; 2Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41504.

JOYOUS SOUND, PT. 1–3. See

  LASSIE.

JUMPY, THE GRASSHOPPER. Coronet Instructional Materials. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 8Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP23680.

JUNKIES ARE PEOPLE. Roy Nolan Films. Distributed by Haight-Ashbury
Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with
Haight-Ashbury Free Medical Clinic. © Roy Nolan Films; 15Jul72; MP23926.

JUST A LITTLE COURAGE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

JUST SPELL THE NAME RIGHT. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 57.

JUSTICE IN AMERICA. See

  CBS REPORTS.

JUSTICE IS A SOMETIME THING. See

  THE BOLD ONES.


                                   K

KAMIKAZES ARE COMING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KANGAROOS. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 6Dec71; MP24058.

KANSAS CITY, MISSOURI. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 56.

THE KARATE KILLERS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An
Arena production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec67; LP41824.

KARL MENNINGER ON PSYCHIATRY. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Visual
Projects. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
25Oct72; MP23410.

KEY TO FREEMASONRY'S GROWTH. See

  PLANNING UNLOCKS THE DOOR.

KHALLY BALLAK MIN ZOUZOU (Occupe toi de Zouzou) (Take care of Zouzou)
Societe Sabah Pour le Cinema. 120 min., sd., color. Appl. author:
Mohamed Ali Sabbah. © Near East Music Associates, Inc.; 21May73; LU3649.

KIDNEY FUNCTION TEST: PHENOLSULFONEPHTHALEIN. Harper & Row, Publishers.
Made by Bay State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23870.

KIDNEYS. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring the body) ©
Films, Inc.; 16Nov72 (in notice: 1971); MP24105.

KILL DEVIL HILLS, NORTH CAROLINA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 71.

KILLER KLINK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KIM FINALLY CUTS YOU KNOW WHOSE APRON STRINGS. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

KIM MOVES OUT. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

KINDS OF EYES. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23533.

THE KING OF MARVIN GARDENS. Columbia Pictures. 103 min., sd., color, 35
mm. A BBS Production. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 12Oct72;
LP41852.

KING OF THE KOPJE. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

KINGS OF SNARK. See

  WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS.

KLINK/KLINK'S.

  For titles beginning with Klink or Klink's See HOGAN'S HEROES.

KLUTE. Warner Bros. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Warner
Bros., Inc. & Gus Productions, Inc.; 23Jun71; LP41651.

KOMMANDANT DIES AT DAWN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KOMMANDANT GERTRUDE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KOMMANDANT OF THE YEAR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KOMMANDANT SCHULTZ. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

KOTZEBUE, ALASKA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 47.

KYRIE, ALLELUIA, AMEN. Panfilms. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms
a.a.d.o. St. John Nepomucene Church; 24May71; MP23810.


                                   L

LBJ: WHY I CHOSE NOT TO RUN. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

LADY CAROLINE LAMB. Tomorrow Entertainment & Pulsar Productions.
[London] Released in the U.S. by United Artists Corp. 125 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Tomorrow Entertainment, Inc. & Pulsar Productions, Inc.
(in notice: Tomorrow Entertainment, Inc. & Pulsar Productions, Ltd.);
21Nov72: LP41658.

LADY CHITTERLY'S LOVER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

LADY, LADY, TAKE MY LIFE. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

LAND FROM THE NORTH SEA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
14Sep69; MP24076.

LAND OF THE GIANT DRAGON. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

LANGUAGE. See

  DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: LANGUAGE.

  IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: LANGUAGE.

LANGUAGE DEVELOPMENT. Communications/Research/Machines. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP23572.

LARGE ANIMALS AND SMALL ANIMALS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23521.

LASSIE. Lassie Television. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Lassie Television, Inc.

  A boy and a girl, pt. 1. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for
  hire of Adrian Scott. © 9Oct72; LP41909.

  A boy and a girl, pt. 2. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for
  hire of R. A. Scott. © 16Oct72; LP41910.

  Challenge of the mountain, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc.,
  employer for hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 8Jan73;
  LP41929; 15Jan73; LP41930.

  The dawning. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 5Mar73; LP41937.

  Day of disaster. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. Appl. ti.: Days of disaster. ©
  15Nov71; LP41923.

  The deadly surf. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 25Oct72; LP41911.

  Doves of Santa Inez. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 18Sep72; LP41906.

  The dream builder. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 4Dec72; LP41917.

  The flying grandpa. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 29Nov71; LP41925.

  For those who follow. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 25Sep72; LP41907.

  The golden eagle. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Joanne Court. © 30Oct72; LP41912.

  The homecoming. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 1Nov71; LP41921.

  Horsenappers. Appl. author: Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer, Eric Freiwald & Joanne Court. © 29Jan73; LP41932.

  Johnny Piper. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 26Feb73; LP41936.

  Joyous sound, pt. 1–3. Appl. author: Lassie Television, Inc., employer
  for hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 5Feb73, LP41933;
  12Feb73, LP41934; 19Feb73, LP41935.

  Legend of the coyote. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Joanne Court. © 22Jan73; LP41931.

  Lightning. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of Robert
  Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 11Sep72; LP41905.

  Mustang, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 6Dec71, LP41926; 12Dec71, LP41927.

  Orphan of the wild. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 8Nov71; LP41922.

  Path of courage, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for
  hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 28Feb72; LP41903–41904.

  Peace is our profession, pt 1. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer
  for hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 24Jan72; LP41901.

  Peace is our profession, pt. 3. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc.,
  employer for hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 7Feb72;
  LP41902.

  Run to nowhere, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for
  hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 13Nov72, LP41914; 20Nov72,
  LP41915.

  Scarecrow. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of Robert
  Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 2Oct72; LP41908.

  The schemer. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 22Nov71; LP41924.

  Search for yesterday. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 11Oct71; LP41919.

  A taste of freedom. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Joanne Court & R. A. Scott. © 6Nov72; LP41913.

  Tell it to the birds. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Joanne Court. © 25Dec72; LP41918.

  Vigil of the stork. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 27Nov72; LP41916.

  The visitor. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 1Jan73; LP41928.

  Wings of the ghost. Appl. author: Lassie TV, Inc., employer for hire
  of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 25Oct71; LP41920.

LASSIE. Wrather Corp. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Wrather
Corp.

  Aftermath. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of James D.
  West. © 15Nov70; LP41958.

  Any heart in a storm. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire
  of Joanne Court. © 13Dec70; LP41959.

  The awakening. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Frank
  Moss. © 7Feb71; LP41953.

  Flock of love. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 8Nov70; LP41957.

  Fury Falls. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Robert
  Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 4Oct71; LP42029.

  The gentle dawn. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 10Jan71; LP41951.

  The innocents. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 18Oct70; LP41956.

  Other pastures, other fences. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer
  for hire of Jennings Cobb. © 31Jan71; LP41952.

  The river. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Robert
  Holt. © 4Apr71; LP41955.

  Trouble tracks. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 18Oct71; LP42028.

  Troubled waters. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 21Feb71; LP41954.

LASSIE. Wrather Corp. Approx. 25 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Wrather
Corp.

  The birth. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Paul
  Casey & Joanne Court. © 27Sep70; LP41943.

  For love of Lassie, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for
  hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 28Feb71, LP41939; 7Mar71,
  LP41940.

  Here comes Glory, pt. 1–2. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for
  hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 22Nov70, LP41948; 29Nov70,
  LP41949.

  Lassie's busy day. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 17Jan71; LP41938.

  Lassie's interlude. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 20Sep70; LP41942.

  The miracle. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Paul
  Casey. © 11Oct70; LP41945.

  Nature's child. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 1Nov70; LP41947.

  The offering. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Robert
  Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 25Oct70; LP41946.

  Sneakers. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Robert
  Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 21Mar71; LP41941.

  Survival. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of Paul
  Casey. © 4Oct70; LP41944.

  A year of Sundays. Appl. author: Wrather Corp., employer for hire of
  Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © 6Dec70; LP41950.

THE LAST CHAPTER. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

THE LATE INSPECTOR GENERAL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

LAWYERS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

LEAGUE. See

  I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW HOW WELL RHONDA IS DOING IN SCHOOL.

  A MATTER OF TRUST.

  STAFF MEETING.

  THE STRATEGY.

  TEAM TEACHING: THE CORONA AFFAIR.

  TRY IT SOMETIME.

LEARNING AND COMMUNICATIONS SKILLS. Sutherland Learning Associates. 37
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Most important person) © Sutherland
Learning Associates, Inc.; 3Apr72; LP41656.

LEARNING FOR A LIFETIME: THE ACADEMIC CLUB METHOD, PT. 2. See

  THE SETTING UP OF A CLUB.

LEARNING HOW TO LEARN—A BRITISH JUNIOR CLASSROOM. Institute for
Development of Educational Activities. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc. (in notice:
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc., an affiliate
of Charles F. Kettering Foundation); 16Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23940.

LEARNING HOW TO LEARN—THE OPEN CLASSROOM IN AMERICA. Institute for
Development of Educational Activities. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 3Oct72;
MP23941.

LEARNING THROUGH INQUIRY—IN SEARCH OF MOUNT EVEREST. Institute for
Development of Educational Activities. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 28Aug70;
MP23938.

LEBEAU AND THE LITTLE OLD LADY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

LEGACY OF FEAR. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

LEGEND. See

  GUNSMOKE.

THE LEGEND OF RIVER BEND MONUMENT. Greater Cleveland Associated
Foundation. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Greater Cleveland Associated
Foundation; 20Oct71 (in notice: 1972); LP41493.

LEGEND OF THE COYOTE. See

  LASSIE.

LEO PASSAGE. International Institute of Coiffure Designers. Made by
Allan Keith Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith
Productions, Inc.; 1Feb65; MP23704.

LEONARDO DA VINCI: TO KNOW HOW TO SEE. National Gallery of Art. 55 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. A C.S.C. production. Appl. author: Richard F.
Siemanowski. Appl. ti.: Leonardo: to know how to see. © Trustees of the
National Gallery of Art; 26Aug72; MP23802.

LET IT BE. Panfilms. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.o. St.
John Nepomucene Church; 15Oct72; MP23809.

LET PEOPLE KNOW WHAT YOU DO: PROSPECTING. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 27 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. (Chevrolet sales techniques and motivation training) Loop film. ©
Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8538.

LET'S COUNT. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d
ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jun72;
MP23405.

LET'S MAKE UP A STORY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
27Aug72; MP24018.

THE LETTER OF THE LAW. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

LIBERATION. Lockwood Simon Studios. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Lockwood
Simon Studios, solely owned by Todd R. Lockwood; 1Dec72; LP41506.

LIFE AROUND THE WORLD. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 motion pictures
(4 min. each), si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Oct72; MP24121.

LIFE IN CHINA. See

  INDUSTRY.

THE LIGHTHOUSE I WORK IN. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
7Jul72; MP23583.

LIGHTNING. General Electric Co. Made by Forney Miller Film Associates.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © General Electric Co.; 15Dec72; MP23417.

LIGHTNING. See

  LASSIE.

LIJAH. See

  GUNSMOKE.

LIMITED ACCESS. Allstate Insurance Co., Driver Education & Training
Divisions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinemascope. © Allstate Insurance
Co.; 1Nov72; MP23699.

LINDEN, NEW JERSEY. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 78.

LIQUID-LIQUID EXTRACTION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl.
author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul68; MP23638.

LISA, I HARDLY KNEW YOU. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

LIST FOR A FIRING SQUAD. See

  THE FBI.

LITTLE FOREST. Marvin Albert/Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Marvin Albert. © Marvin Albert/Films; 6Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
MP23930.

LITTLE PLOT AT TRANQUIL VALLEY. See

  MCCLOUD.

LITTLE ROCK, ARKANSAS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 66.

THE LITTLE SCOTCHMAN IRONWORKER. Advertising Research
Communicators/Target Film Productions. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. authors Joseph S. Votta, Jr., Steven J. Votta & Joseph S. Votta,
Sr. © Advertising Research Communicators/Target Film Productions;
29Mar73; MU8560.

THE LITTLE SHEPHERD DOG OF CATALINA. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

LITTLE TRAIN, LITTLE TRAIN. Churchill Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Bernard Selling. © B. Selling Enterprises; 15Jun72;
LP41829.

LITTLE WHITE SALMON INDIAN SETTLEMENT. Treaty Indians of the Columbia &
Community Eye Design Works. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
Leo Alexander & Harry Dawson, Jr. © Treaty Indians of the Columbia,
Inc.; 9Oct72; MP24004.

LIZARD. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 6Dec72; MP24083.

LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 24Sep71; LP41892.

THE LODGE. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

LOLLY-MADONNA XXX. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based upon the novel The Lolly-Madonna War by Sue Grafton. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Dec72; LP41601.

LONELY PLACE TO DIE. See

  CANNON.

A LONELY STRETCH OF BEACH. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

LONG MORNING AFTER, PT. 1–2. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

LONG NIGHTS JOURNEY INTO DAY. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

LOOK AT THE PRETTY SNOWFLAKES. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

LOOK IN THE ANSWER BOOK. Jack Spear Productions—Producers Associates.
Distributed by Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Jack Spear Productions—Producers Associates; 17Jan73 (in
notice: 1971); MP23717.

LOOKING FOR A BETTER WAY. Center for Constructive Change. 20 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Center for Constructive Change; 1Dec72; MP23636.

LOOKING FOR ORGANIC AMERICA. Rodale Films. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Rodale Films, Inc.; 3May72; MP23576.

LOST. See

  GUNSMOKE.

LOST HORIZON. Ross Hunter Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures.
154 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the original novel by
James Hilton. © Ross Hunter Productions, Inc.; 6Mar73 (in notice: 1972);
LP41851.

LOST, THE COLONEL'S DAUGHTER. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

LOU-ANN POOVIE SINGS AGAIN. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

LOU-ANN POOVIE SINGS NO MORE. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

LOVE AND PAIN AND THE WHOLE DAMN THING. Columbia Pictures Industries.
108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
19Apr73 (in notice: 1972); LP42088.

LOVE LOOKS AT CHINA. Franciscan Communications Center. 2 motion pictures
(60 sec.; 30 sec.), sd., color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications
Center; 9Dec72; MP23671.

LUCY/LUCY'S

  For titles beginning with Lucy or Lucy's See HERE'S LUCY.

LURE OF THE TALL SHIP. See

  ADVENTURE.

LUV. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy
Co. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8545.

LYNOTT. See

  GUNSMOKE.


                                   M

MACAQUES OF JAPAN. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

MCCABE & MRS. MILLER. Warner Bros. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based on the novel McCabe, by Edmund Naughton. © Warner
Bros., Inc.; 24Jun71; LP41631.

MCCLOUD. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx.
80 min. each., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mystery movie) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.

  The disposal man. © 12Oct71; LP4161O.

  Encounter with Aries. © 21Sep71; LP41609.

  Fifth man in a string quartet. © 31Jan72; LP41607.

  Give my regrets to Broadway. © 21Feb72; LP41608.

  A little plot at Tranquil Valley. © 10Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
  LP41606.

  Somebody's out to get Jennie. © 23Nov71; LP41612.

  Top of the world, Ma! © 2Nov71; LP41611.

MCCREEDY BUST: GOING, GOING, GONE. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

THE MAGIC OF WALT DISNEY WORLD. Walt Disney Productions. [Canada]
Distributed in the U.S. by Buena Vista Distribution Co. 29 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 4Dec72; LP41830.

MAGICAL DISAPPEARING MONEY. Learning Garden. Made by FilmFair. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Garden, Inc.; 15Dec72; MP23518.

MAGNIFICIENT PERCEPTION. See

  THE PARTNERS.

THE MAILMAN COMETH. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 46.

MAKE NO MISTAKE. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

MAKE THE MOST OF IT. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 4Apr73; MP23922.

MAKING MICROSURGICAL INSTRUMENTS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23650.

THE MAKING OF SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE. George Roy Hill. 62 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. states portions prev. pub. 22Mar72. NM: additions. © George
Roy Hill; 12Jan73; MU8509.

MAKING SOLUTIONS. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 20Nov72 (in notice: 1971); MP23435.

MALCOLM X. Marvin Worth Productions. Distributed by Warner Bros. 91
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the Autobiography of Malcolm X. NM:
compilation & additional cinematography. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Marvin
Worth Productions; 24May72; LP41899.

MAN AND HIS WORLD. See

  COOPERATIVE FARMING IN EAST GERMANY.

  DAIRY FARMING IN THE ALPS.

  DEEP SEA TRAWLER.

  DIAMOND MINING IN EAST AFRICA.

  EGYPTIAN VILLAGERS.

  HIGHLAND INDIANS OF PERU.

  INDUSTRIAL REGION IN SWEDEN.

  JAPANESE FARMERS.

  LAND FROM THE NORTH SEA.

  MAN CHANGES THE NILE.

  MASAI IN TANZANIA.

  MINERS OF BOLIVIA.

  NEW LIFE FOR A SPANISH FARMER.

  OASIS IN THE SAHARA.

  OIL IN LIBYA.

  OVER THE ANDES IN ECUADOR.

  PLATEAU FARMERS IN FRANCE.

  RAINY SEASON IN WEST AFRICA.

  RANCHERO AND GAUCHOS IN ARGENTINA.

  RICE FARMERS IN THAILAND.

  RIVER JOURNEY ON THE UPPER NILE.

  RIVER PEOPLE OF CHAD.

  ROMANIA.

  SUGAR IN EGYPT.

  THREE BROTHERS IN HAITI.

  TIMBER IN FINLAND.

  TOKYO INDUSTRIAL WORKER.

  WINEMAKERS IN FRANCE.

  WOOL IN AUSTRALIA.

THE MAN AND THE CITY. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by
MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Cross-country man. © 27Nov71; LP41675.

  The deadly fountain. © 6Nov71; LP41673.

  Diagnosis: Corruption. © 1Jan72; LP41664.

  Disaster on Turner Street. © 16Oct71; LP41671.

  The girls in truck 7. © 11Dec71; LP41677.

  Hands of love. © 11Sep71; LP41665.

  The handwriting on the door. © 23Oct71; LP41670.

  I should have let him die. © 25Sep71; LP41667.

  100 blank pages. © 18Sep71; LP41666.

  Pipe me a loving tune. © 4Dec71; LP41676.

  Reprisal. © 9Oct71; LP41669.

  Run for daylight. © 13Nov71; LP41674. Running scared. © 30Oct71;
  LP41672.

  A very special girl. © 2Oct71; LP41668.

THE MAN AND THE CITY. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with
Groverton Productions. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Jennifer. © 29Dec71; LP41678.

MAN CHANGES THE NILE. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 31Oct69;
MP24077.

THE MAN FROM MY UNCLE. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

MAN IN A BOX. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MAN IN THE WILDERNESS. Warner Bros. & Wilderness Film Productions. 105
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Wilderness
Film Productions, Ltd.; 19Nov71; LP41821.

MAN WHO BROKE THE BANK AT RED GAP. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

THE MAN WHO DIED AT THREE AND NINE. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

THE MAN WHO LOVED CAT DANCING. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 115 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based upon the novel by Marilyn Durham. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 26Jun73; LP42368.

MANAGEMENT CHALLENGE: THE WILL TO WORK. Executive VideoForum. 53 min.,
sd., color. Videotape cassette. © Executive VideoForum, Inc. & Penton
Pub. Co.; 12Dec72; MP23623.

MANAGEMENT PRACTICE. See

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING.

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING.

THE MANAGER'S OPERATING REALITIES. American Management Assn. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23910.

THE MANAGER'S OPERATING RESPONSIBILITIES. American Management Assn. 3
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72;
MP23905.

MANHATTAN, NEW YORK. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 76.

MAN'S BEST FIEND. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

MAN'S BEST FRIEND IS NOT HIS DOG. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MANY KINDS OF EARS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23538.

MANY KINDS OF FARM ANIMALS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23526.

MANY KINDS OF FLOWERS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23542.

MANY KINDS OF SEEDS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23529.

MANY TYPES OF FEET. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23662.

MANY WAYS TO BREATHE. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23549.

MANY WAYS TO EAT. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23546.

MANY WAYS TO TOUCH. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23544.

MARCUS WELBY, M.D. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV.
Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  All the pretty people. © 25Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41512.

  Ask me again tomorrow. © 26Oct71; LP41534.

  The basic moment, pt. 1–2. © 4Jan72 (in notice: 1971), LP41510;
  11Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41511.

  The best is yet to be. © 16Nov71; LP41537.

  Cross-match. © 14Dec71; LP41541.

  Don't phase me out. © 2Nov71; LP41535.

  Don't talk about darkness. © 22Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41516.

  Echo from another world. © 9Nov71; LP41536.

  I can hardly tell you apart. © 5Oct71; LP41531.

  I'm really trying. © 1Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41513.

  In my father's house. © 28Sep71; LP41530.

  It is so soon that I am done for, I wonder what I was begun for? ©
  8Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41514.

  Just a little courage. © 15Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41515.

  Men who care. © 19Oct71; LP41533.

  Of magic shadow shapes. © 7Dec71; LP41540.

  Once there was a Bantu prince. © 29Feb72 (in notice: 1971); LP41517.

  A portrait of Debbie. © 21Sep71; LP41529.

  Solomon's choice. © 14Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41647.

  A taste of salt. © 7Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP41518.

  Tender comrade. © 14Sep71; LP41528.

  They grow up. © 30Nov71; LP41539.

  This is Max. © 12Oct71; LP41532.

  A yellow bird. © 23Nov71; LP41538.

MARRIAGE LICENSE. Panfilms. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms
a.a.d.o. St. John Nepomucene Church; 6Jan72; MP23807.

MARRIAGE OF THEODORA DUFFY. See

  BONANZA.

MARRIAGE: YEAR ONE. Universal City Studios & Arena Productions. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.
& Arena Productions, Inc.; 15Oct71; LP41893.

MARTHA. Jennifer H. Mead. 12 min., sd., color and b&w, Super 8 mm. ©
Jennifer H. Mead; 23Feb73; MU8520.

MARY HONG LOVES TOMMY CHEN. See

  ADAM–12.

MASAI IN TANZANIA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 31Jan70;
MP24063.

MASS SPECTRA. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP23614.

MATINEE. Block-Hirsch Productions. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Block-Hirsch Productions, Inc.; 26Apr73; MU8566.

A MATTER OF MINUTES. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 9Mar73; MP23918.

MATTER OF MUTUAL CONCERN. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

A MATTER OF TRUST. Institute for Development of Educational Activities.
32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The League) © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 14Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP23948.

MATTHEW 5:5. Franciscan Communications Center. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center;
1Feb73; MP23565.

MAYBERRY R.F.D. R.F.D. Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16
mm. © R.F.D. Productions.

  Andy and Helen get married. © 17Jun68; LP42284.

  Aunt Bee & the captain. © 8Nov68; LP42301.

  Aunt Bee's cruise. © 4Nov68; LP42300.

  The camper. © 19Nov68 (in notice: 1969); LP42280.

  The church bell. © 2Jan69; LP42276.

  The church play. © 15Jul68; LP42287.

  The copy machine. © 29Jul68; LP42290.

  Driver education. © 7Oct68; LP42298.

  An efficient service station. © 26Nov68 (in notice: 1969); LP42281.

  Emmett's birthday. © 12Aug68; LP42292.

  Emmett's retirement. © 12Dec68 (in notice: 1969); LP42283.

  The harvest ball. © 24Jun68; LP42285.

  Help on the farm. © 8Jul68; LP42288.

  Howard's hobby. © 14Oct68 (in notice: 1969); LP42278.

  Mike's losing streak. © 1Jul68; LP42286.

  Millie's girlfriend. © 8Jan69; LP42277.

  Miss Farmerette. © 16Sep68; LP42295.

  New couple in town. © 21Oct68; LP42299.

  The panel show. © 5Aug68; LP42291.

  The pet shop. © 5Dec68 (in notice: 1969); LP42282.

  The race horse. © 22Jul68; LP42289.

  Sam & the teenager. © 30Sep68; LP42297.

  Sam gets a ticket. © 23Sep68; LP42296.

  Sam, the expert farmer. Appl. ti.: Sam expert farmer. © 13Nov68 (in
  notice: 1969); LP42279.

  Sister cities. © 20Aug68; LP42293.

  Youth takes over. © 9Sep68; LP42294.

THE MEANING OF ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP23692.

THE MEANING OF MULTIPLICATION. Houghton Mifflin Co. 1 reel, sd., color,
16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.;
1Sep70; MP23690.

MEASUREMENT. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching
modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP24113.

THE MEASUREMENT OF BLOOD PRESSURE. Press of Case Western Reserve
University. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Press of Case Western Reserve
University; 1Sep71; MP23914.

MEASURING WITH SMALL HOLE AND TELESCOPE GAGES. Clear-Vue Film Corp.
Released by Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23506.

MECHANICAL MELODIES. William D. Stoneback. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Wm. D. Stoneback; 1Jan73; MP23553.

THE MEDIA CENTER IN ACTION. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Orange County, Florida, Board
of Public Instruction. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 8Sep72; MP23443.

MEDICINE BALL CARAVAN. France Opera Co. Released by Warner Bros. 89
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © France Opera Co.; 18Aug71; LP41679.

MEETING AN EMPLOYEE NEW TO YOUR SECTION. Applied Learning Associates. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin
Sorcher. © Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23773.

MEGAEVOLUTION. Pt. 1: Fossilization and ancestral forms. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Unit One Film Productions. 1 reel, si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Nov71; MP23851.

MEGAEVOLUTION. Pt. 2: Evolutionary rates and extinction. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Unit One Film Productions. 1 reel, si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Nov71; MP23852.

MEHERAZAD MEMORIES. Meher Prasad, Inc. 23 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Mani S. Irani. © Meher Prasad, Inc.; 25May72; MP23568.

MEISTER SPY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MEMPHIS, TENNESSEE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 59.

MEN THAT CORRUPTED HADLEYBURG. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

MEN WHO CARE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

MENTOR'S MANNER. See

  CLASSROOM VIGNETTES.

MERITT CASE. See

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING.

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING.

MERRY WIDOW. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

METAMORPHISM AND COAL FORMATION. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
Inc.; 30Aug72; MP24051.

METHODS OF OBTAINING BLOOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State
Film Productions. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr71;
MP23884.

A MEXICAN-AMERICAN FAMILY. Atlantis Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Atlantis Productions; 1Apr70; MP23400.

THE MEXICAN-AMERICAN SPEAKS: HERITAGE IN BRONZE. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp.; 4Aug72; MP23721.

MEXICO: SABADO WITH RAMON. Salisbury Educational Media. Distributed by
Doubleday Multimedia. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions. © Salisbury Educational Media,
Inc.; 4Feb69; MP24037.

THE MICROMETER DIAL GOES TO WORK. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 789)
Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23627.

MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION OF SEDIMENT. See

  URINALYSIS: MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION OF SEDIMENT.

MICROSURGERY IN AMPHIBIAN EMBRYOS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Feb71; MP23850.

MIGRATION OF THE CARIBOU. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

MIKE'S LOSING STREAK. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

MILK COMES FROM COWS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 11971); MP23536.

MILK: FROM FARM TO YOU. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. 3d ed, Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub.
17Aug56, 8138. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 29Dec72 (in
notice: 1973); MP23729.

MILLIE'S GIRLFRIEND. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

MILLION DOLLAR BUFF. See

  ADAM–12.

MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 95.

MIND OVER MATTER. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

MINERS OF BOLIVIA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 21Apr69;
MP24082.

MINNEAPOLIS, MINNESOTA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 40.

MINORITIES: FROM AFRICA, ASIA AND THE AMERICAS. Coronet Instructional
Films. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Nov72; MP23588.

MINORITIES: FROM EUROPE. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
10Oct72; MP23589.

MINORITIES: IN THE NAME OF RELIGION. Coronet Instructional Films. 16
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 9Nov72; MP23592.

MINORITIES: PATTERNS OF CHANGE. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 19Oct72; MP23590.

MINORITIES: WHAT'S A MINORITY? Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 11Oct72; MP23587.

THE MINSTREL AND THE FAIRY PRINCESS. Randy Candy Film Co. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Randy Nite. © Randy Candy Film Co., Randy
Nite; 16Apr73; LU3648.

MIRACLE. See

  LASSIE.

MIRACLE AT MUNICH. Moody Institute of Science. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Moody Institute of Science; 8Feb73; MP23752.

MIRACLE AT SANTA MARTA. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

MISS FARMERETTE. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

MISSING KLINK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MISTER PASTEUR AND THE RIDDLE OF LIFE. Coronet Instructional Films. 12
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 10Jul72; MP23448.

[MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Mobil Oil Corp. Approx. 30 sec.
each, sd. © Mobil Oil Corp.

  Bag of tricks. © 14Mar73; MU8528.

  Biplane. © 14Mar73; MU8526.

  Going my way. © 14Mar73; MU8530.

  Opening hood. © 14Mar73; MU8525.

  Park your car. © 14Mar73; MU8531.

  Storm sewer. © 14Mar73; MU8527.

  Underground garage. © 14Mar73; MU8529.

  Workshop. © 14Mar73; MU8524.

MOCK TRIAL: AN EXERCISE IN PERCEPTION AND LOGIC. Thomas Y. Crowell Co.
11 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Thomas Y. Crowell Co., Inc.; 27Feb73;
MP23955.

MOD, MOD WORLD, PT. 1. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 40.

MOD, MOD WORLD, PT. 2. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 41.

MOLECULAR MOTIONS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP23619.

MOMENT OF CRISIS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

MONKEY BUSINESS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MONROE, WISCONSIN. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 96.

MONTE CARLO. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8584.

MOON METTLE. See

  CLASSROOM VIGNETTES.

MOON ZERO TWO. Hammer Film Productions [Gt. Britain] Released in the
U.S. by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Hammer
Film Productions, Ltd.; 16Oct69; LF115.

MORAL DEVELOPMENT. Communications/Research/Machines. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP23571.

MORE MOTION REQUIRES MORE ENERGY. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice:
1971); MP23547.

MORGANTOWN, PENNSYLVANIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 90.

THE MOST ESCAPE PROOF PRISON CAMP I'VE EVER ESCAPED FROM. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MOST IMPORTANT PERSON. See

  EMOTIONS AND ATTITUDES.

  HEALTH.

  LEARNING AND COMMUNICATIONS SKILLS.

  NUTRITION.

  RELATIONSHIPS AND SELF CONCEPT.

MOTIVATING THE POOR PERFORMER. Applied Learning Associates. 6 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher. ©
Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23771.

MOUNTAIN LION. See

  RUN, COUGAR, RUN.

MOUNTING AND USING THE THREE JAW CHUCK. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 793)
Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23626.

THE MOUSE FACTORY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney Productions. No.

  3631. © 15Feb72; LP41839.

  3650. © 1Mar72; LP41842.

  3651. © 26Jan72; LP41835.

  3652. © 10May72; LP41850.

  3653. © 1Mar72; LP41844.

  3654. © 2Feb72; LP41836.

  3655. © 22Mar72; LP41848.

  3656. © 19Jan72; LP41834.

  3657. © 15Mar72; LP41847.

  3658. © 2Feb72; LP41837.

  3659. © 16Feb72; LP41840.

  3660. © 9Feb72; LP41838.

  3661. © 8Mar72; LP41845.

  3662. © 30Mar72; LP41849.

  3663. © 23Feb72; LP4184l.

  3664. © 8Mar72; LP41846.

  3665. © 1Mar72; LP41843.

  3687. Paul Bunyan. © 7Sep72; LP42076.

  3691. Goliath II. © 4Oct72; LP42077.

MOVIES ARE YOUR BEST ESCAPE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MOVING GOODS IN THE COMMUNITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 8Aug72; MP23586.

MOVING PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 29Sep72; MP23585.

MURDER BY MOONLIGHT. See

  CANNON.

MURDER IN ABSTRACT. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

MUSCLE CONTRACTION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23656.

MUSTANG, PT. 1–2. See

  LASSIE.

A MUTUAL OF OMAHA CRISS AWARD HONOURING BOB HOPE AND HIS WIFE DOLORES.
Mutual of Omaha. Made by Crown International Productions. 29 min., sd.,
color. Videotape (2 in.) © Mutual of Omaha; 22Apr73; MP23959.

MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM. Mutual of Omaha. Made by Don Meier
Productions. Approx. 23 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Mutual of Omaha.

  Flamingos of Lake Nakuru. © 9Feb73; MP23962.

  King of the Kopje. © 26Jan73; MP23961.

  Land of the giant dragon. © 23Feb73; MP23965.

  Macaques of Japan. © 23Mar73; MP23963.

  Migration of the caribou. © 30Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP23960.

  World of the pinnipeds. © 23Feb73; MP23964.

MY BROTHER'S KEEPER. See

  GUNSMOKE.

MY EARLY LIFE: A ROVING COMMISSION. See

  YOUNG WINSTON.

MY FAVORITE PRISONER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

MY SON, THE TEACHER. Dept. of Public Health & Welfare, City of
Cleveland. Made by CAP Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Greater
Cleveland Associated Foundation; 27May72; LP41495.

THE MYSTERIOUS KID. Edward William Saunders. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Edward William Saunders; 26Mar73; MU8561.

MYSTERY MOVIE. See

  MCCLOUD.

THE MYSTERY OF PAIN. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.


                                   N

NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 51 min. each,
sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  Vietnam hindsight, pt. 1: How it began. Telecast: Dec. 21, 1971. ©
  20Dec71; MP24040.

  Vietnam hindsight, pt. 2: The death of Diem. Telecast: Dec. 22, 1971.
  © 20Dec71; MP24041.

NBC REPORTS. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color,
16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

  The forbidden city. © 12Jan73; MP23823.

NMR SPECTROMETRY. See

  NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE SPECTROMETRY.

A NAME FOR EVIL. Penthouse Production. Released by Cinerama Releasing
Corp. 85 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the Andrew Lytle novel. ©
Penthouse Pictures, Inc.; 26Feb73; MP23833.

NAPOLEON/KING/SECRETARY. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

NATURE BOY. International Communications Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co.,
Inc. © International Communications Films, division of Doubleday & Co.,
Inc.; 6Nov68; MP23988.

THE NATURE OF MATTER: AN ATOMIC VIEW. Communications/Research/Machines.
Made by CRM Productions. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Science today) ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP24020.

THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: HOW IDEAS CHANGE. Coronet Instructional
Materials. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Feb72; MP23780.

THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: OBTAINING FACTS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 4Dec72; MP23685.

THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: TESTING HYPOTHESES. Coronet Instructional Films.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 5Dec72; MP23684.

NATURE'S CHILD. See

  LASSIE.

NATURE'S EVER CHANGING COMMUNITIES. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
Distributed by Journal Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec72;
MP24006.

THE NAVAJO ADVENTURE OF ASH-KI AND VERNON. Kayenta Film Co. Made by
Filmakers Studio. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: James W.
King. © Kayenta Films a.a.d.o. Kayenta Film Co.; 21Dec72; LP41635.

NAVAJO SAND PAINTING CEREMONY. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (North American Indian series, no. 291) Loop Film. © Thorne Films,
Inc.; 1Dec72; MP23476.

NECROMANCY. Zenith International Pictures Corp. Released by Cinerama
Releasing Corp. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Zenith International
Pictures Corp.; 20Sep72 (in notice: 1971); LP41789.

NEIGHBORHOODS CHANGE. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Apr72;
MP23407.

NEUROSURGERY ON A RAT. James R. Davis. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © James
R. Davis; 1Dec72; MP23702.

NEVER PLAY CARDS WITH STRANGERS. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

NEW COUPLE IN TOWN. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

A NEW DOCTOR IN TOWN. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

  GUNSMOKE.

NEW DOCTORS. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

NEW FACES. See

  THE PARTNERS.

NEW LIFE FOR A SPANISH FARMER. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc.
18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
21Apr69; MP24072.

NEW MAN. See

  BONANZA.

NEW OPTIONS FOR LEARNING. Institute for Development of Educational
Activities. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 14Sep70; MP23945.

THE NEW SAMARITANS. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

NEWS ABOUT TEETH. Dept. of Public Health & Welfare, City of Cleveland.
Made by CAP Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Greater Cleveland
Associated Foundation; 27May72; LP41496.

NEWTON'S METHOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual Learning Corp.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey
& Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP23600.

THE NEXUS. Dominick J. Romino II. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © D. J.
Romino II; 7Feb73; MU8518.

NIGHT OF THE RED DOG. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

NIGHTS IN SHINING ARMOR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE 1972 CHEVELLE. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made
by Bill Sandy Co. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8572.

1972 CHEVROLET MID-SIZE WAGONS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
© Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8542.

THE 1972 CHEVROLET NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
27Apr73; MU8581.

THE 1972 CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73;
MU8577.

1973 CARS: LOW SPEED CRASH COSTS. Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety. 10 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway
Safety; 31Jan73; MP23566.

1973 CHEVROLET PICKUPS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
Made by Bill Sandy Co. 20 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8549.

1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500, 1973 DODGE POLARA CUSTOM.
Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Nov72; MP23450.

1973 CHRYSLER NEWPORT, BUICK LESABRE CUSTOM, OLDS DELTA 88, MERCURY
MONTEREY CUSTOM. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Dec72; MP23452.

1973 COLT. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 14Feb73; MP23920.

1973 DART, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler Corp.;
5Dec72; MP23453.

1973 DUSTER, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 5Dec72; MP23557.

1973 FULL-SIZE CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
12Mar73; MU8546.

1973 IMPALA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8543.

1973 MONTE CARLO. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by
Bill Sandy Co. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet
Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8548.

1973 NOVA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8541.

1973 PLYMOUTH FURY III, 1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500.
Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. ©
Chrysler Corp.; 17Nov72; MP23556.

1973 SUBURBAN BY CHEVROLET. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 20 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
© Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8550.

1973 VALIANT AND DART AIR CONDITIONING. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 12Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP23917.

1973 VEGA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8547.

1973 WAGONS, DODGE, CHEVROLET & FORD COMPARISON. Chrysler Corp. Made by
Ross Roy, Inc. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chrysler
Corp.; 5Dec72; MP23449.

THE 90 SECOND WAR. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

NITEWATCHMAN AD. Nitewatchman. 60 sec., sd. Videotape (2 in.) Appl.
author: William F. Heckman, Jr. © Nitewatchman, Inc.; 16Mar73; MU8551.

NO BOTTLES, NO CANS, NO PEOPLE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

NO BUSINESS LIKE SLOW BUSINESS. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

NO LEAK LININGS. Amoco Chemicals Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in cooperation with Tresco & American Oil Co., a subsidiary of
Standard Oil Co. (Indiana) © Amoco Chemicals Corp.; 9Oct72; MP23667.

NO NAMES PLEASE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

NO POCKETS IN A SHROUD. See

  CANNON.

NO TOMORROW. See

  GUNSMOKE.

NOISE AND ITS EFFECTS ON HEALTH. FilmFair Communications. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 15Apr73; MP23928.

NORFOLK, VIRGINIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 72.

NORTH AMERICAN INDIAN SERIES. See

  ADOBE OVEN BUILDING.

  BEEF BUTCHERING AND CURING.

  CANYON DE CHELLY CLIFF DWELLINGS.

  FISH TRAP.

  HIDE PREPARATION.

  HORIZONTAL BELT LOOM.

  NAVAJO SAND PAINTING CEREMONY.

  PARFLECHE DECORATION.

  POTTERY DECORATION.

  POTTERY FIRING.

  POTTERY MAKING.

  PUYE CLIFF DWELLINGS.

  PUYE COMMUNITY HOUSE.

  SALMON BROILING.

  SALMON HARPOONING.

  SHEEP HERDING.

  SPINNING WOOL.

  STONE BOILING.

  TIPI RAISING.

  TRAVOIS MAKING.

  TULE BALSA BOAT BUILDING.

  UPRIGHT LOOM.

NORTH DAKOTA WHEAT IN WORLD TRADE. North Dakota State Wheat Commission.
29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © North Dakota State Wheat Commission;
21Nov72; MP23766.

NORTH IS NOW SOUTH. See

  THE PARTNERS.

THE NORTH SIDE. See

  THE CATHEDRAL AT PUEBLA.

NORTHERN VENTURE. Bill Sandy Co. Released by United Artists Corp. 11
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 19Dec72; LP41853.

NORTHUMBERLAND CHILDREN. Thorne Films. 45 min., si., color, 16 mm. ©
Thorne Films, Inc.; 28Feb72; MP23762.

NOTHING PERSONAL. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

NOVA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy
Co. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8575.

NOW IS FOREVER. Film Dynamics. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
Howard Koppelman. © Film Dynamics; 15Dec72; MP23395.

THE NOWHERE MAN. See

  CANNON.

NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE SPECTROMETRY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Old Pueblo Films. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
authors: Rod O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. Appl. ti.: NMR spectrometry. ©
Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23854.

NUMBER SENTENCES. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP24117.

NUMBERS AND NUMERALS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP24118.

NURSING APPRAISAL OF NEWBORN INFANTS: PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND
BEHAVIORS. Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing. 32 min., sd., b&w.
Videotape (1 in.) © Case Western Reserve University (in notice: Francis
Payne Bolton School of Nursing, Case Western Reserve University);
1Sep70; MP24009.

NUTRITION. Sutherland Learning Associates. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Most important person) © Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.;
3Apr72; LP41652.


                                   O

OS JOB CONTROL LANGUAGE CODING FOR PROGRAMMERS; independent study
program. International Business Machines Corp. 3 motion pictures, sd.
Videotape cassettes. Contents: The operating system: major elements and
functions. 36 min.—Creation and retrieval of data sets, pt. 1. 29
min.—Creation and retrieval of data sets, pt. 2. 21 min. Appl. ti.: OS
JCL coding for programmers. © International Business Machines Corp.
a.a.d.o. IBM Corp.; 16Apr73; MP23957.

OAK RIDGE, TENNESSEE. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 99.

OASIS IN THE SAHARA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 15Jan70;
MP24061.

OBNOXIOUS, OFFENSIVE, EGOMANIAC, ETC. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

OBSERVATION. American Management Assn. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71; MP23900.

OCCUPE TOI DE ZOUZOU. See

  KHALLY BALLAK MIN ZOUZOU.

OCEAN BASIN TOPOGRAPHY. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
28Aug72; MP24043.

OCEAN CURRENTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72;
MP24044.

OCEANS: THE SILENT CRISIS. American Broadcasting Companies. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 8Mar72;
MP23800.

ODD MAN IN. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

ODPDYPAHIMCAIFSS. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 53.

OF MAGIC SHADOW SHAPES. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

OF RIVERS AND MEN. Association for the Protection of the Adirondacks. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Association for the Protection of the
Adirondacks; 24Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23676.

OFFERING. See

  LASSIE.

OIL FOR THE LAMPS OF HOGAN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

OIL IN LIBYA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 17Sep69;
MP24067.

OKLAHOMA CITY, OKLAHOMA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 62.

OLD MAN'S DARLING. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 60.

OLD SAYBROOK, CONNECTICUT. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 80.

OMAHA, NEBRASKA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 55.

OMEGA: A NEW BRANCH ON THE OLDS FAMILY TREE. Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corp. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 15Jun73; MU8633.

THE OMEGA MAN. Warner Bros. & Walter Seltzer Productions. 98 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on a novel by Richard Matheson. © Warner
Bros., Inc. & Walter Seltzer Productions, Inc.; 20Jul71; LP41662.

ONCE THERE WAS A BANTU PRINCE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

ONCE UPON A DEAD MAN. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. 106
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 17Sep71; LP41886.

ONE ARMY AT A TIME. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ONE FOR THE ROAD. See

  GUNSMOKE.

100 BLANK PAGES. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

ONE IN EVERY CROWD. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ONE LONELY STEP. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

ONE OF OUR SHELLS IS MISSING. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

ONE OF OUR SPIES IS MISSING. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 91 min., sd., color,
35 mm. An Arena production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec65;
LP41819.

ONE SPY TOO MANY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An
Arena production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 26May65; LP41429.

ONLY A ROSE. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

ONLY ONE DAY LEFT BEFORE TOMORROW. Universal - Public Arts Productions.
[Finland] 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 11Feb71 (in notice: 1969); LP41882.

OPEN SEASON. Illumination Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Andrew Sugerman. © Illumination Films; 21Mar73; LU3645.

OPENING HOOD. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

OPERATING SYSTEM: MAJOR ELEMENTS AND FUNCTIONS. See

  OS JOB CONTROL LANGUAGE CODING FOR PROGRAMMERS.

OPERATION BRIEFCASE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

OPERATION HANNIBAL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

OPERATION TIGER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

OPIE FINDS A BABY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

OPIE'S GIRLFRIEND. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

OPIE'S MOST UNFORGETTABLE CHARACTER. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

OPIE'S PIANO LESSON. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

OPTICAL ACTIVITY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP23621.

OPUS 1. Joyce Borenstein. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joyce Borenstein;
20Jun73; LU3651.

ORDEAL. See

  THE FBI.

THE ORDEAL OF ANATOLY KUZNETSOV. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

ORGAN FUNDAMENTALS. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 6Dec72; MP23703.

ORGANIC GARDENING: COMPOSTING. Rodale Press. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Rodale Press, Inc.; 3Nov72; MP23479.

THE ORIENT ESCAPADE. Pacific Delight Tours. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Pacific Delight Tours, Inc.; 12Dec72; MP23418.

ORIGIN OF LIFE. See

  FORMATION OF AMINO ACIDS.

  PREPARATION AND PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOIDS.

  PREPARATION OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES.

  PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES.

  QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.

THE ORIGIN OF THE ELEMENTS. Communications/Research/Machines. Made by
CRM Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Science today) ©
Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP24021.

ORPHAN OF THE WILD. See

  LASSIE.

OSHA, ARE YOU READY? National Chemsearch Corp. 7 min., sd. © National
Chemsearch Corp.; 10May73; MU8608.

THE OSHA INSPECTION. Osha Films. Made by Mediavision. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Osha Films, Inc.; 19Oct72; MP23495.

THE OTHER HALF OF THE PROFIT PIE. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by
Visualscope. 10 min., sd., color. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.; 8Mar73;
MU8556.

OTHER PASTURES, OTHER FENCES. See

  LASSIE.

THE OTHER WOMAN. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 51.

OTHERS. Wombat Productions. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wombat
Productions, Inc.; 10Oct72; MP23581.

OTIS THE DEPUTY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

OUR BUTLER DIDN'T DO IT. See

  THE PARTNERS.

OUR CHANGING CITIES: CAN THEY BE SAVED? Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 7Feb73; MP23726.

OVER THE ANDES IN ECUADOR. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
20May69; MP24075.

OVERCOMING RESISTANCE TO CHANGE. Applied Learning Associates. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher.
© Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23774.

OVERLOAD. Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. Made by NBC
Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with
New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of
Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 24Oct68; MP23975.

OVERVIEW. American Management Assn. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71; MP23899.

OVERVIEW. American Management Assn. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23895.

OVULATION AND EGG TRANSPORT IN MAMMALS. University of Washington School
of Medicine. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Richard J.
Blandau. © University of Washington Press; 10Aug72; MP23550.

OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW. Universal City Studios. Distributed by
MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
with Groverton Productions. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  The babysitter. © 18Nov71; LP42013.

  Burden of proof. © 2Dec71; LP42014.

  The color of respect. © 10Feb72; LP42021.

  8 cents' worth of protection. © 8Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42026.

  Eighteen years next April. © 4Nov71; LP42011.

  Eulogy for a wide receiver. © 30Sep71; LP42006.

  The forest and the trees. © 7Oct71; LP42007.

  Legacy of fear. © 16Sep71; LP42004.

  A lonely stretch of beach. © 23Sep71; LP42005.

  Make no mistake. © 14Oct71; LP42008.

  Men who care. © 21Oct71; LP42009.

  Murder in abstract. © 2Mar72; LP42024.

  Nothing personal. © 11Nov71; LP42012.

  A question of degree. © 24Feb72; LP42023.

  Run, Carol, run. © 15Jan72; LP42018.

  Shadow of a name. © 28Oct71; LP42010.

  Shine a light on me. © 3Feb72; LP42020.

  Smiles from yesterday. © 17Feb72; LP42022.

  The triangle. © 30Dec71; LP42017.

  Until proven innocent. © 9Dec71; LP42015.

  Victim in shadow. © 22Jan72; LP42019.

  Voice from a nightmare. © 16Dec71; LP42016.

  Warlock at Mach 3. © 6Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42025.


                                   P

P.S.: MURRY CHRISTMAS. See

  GUNSMOKE.

THE PALACE OF HERNAN CORTES AT CUERNAVACA. Visual Education. 3 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP23421.

THE PANEL SHOW. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

PANTOMIME. See

  [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23885.

PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE FECES. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23875.

PARFLECHE DECORATION. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 277) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23462.

PARK YOUR CAR. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE PAROLE VIOLATOR. See

  ADAM–12.

THE PARTNERS. Universal City Studios & Stacey Productions. [Canada]
Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced
in association with Don/Lee Productions. © Universal City Studios, Inc.
& Stacey Productions, Ltd.

  Abra cadaver. © 24Sep71; LP41458.

  Desperate ours. © 24Dec71; LP41470.

  Have I got an apartment for you. © 19Nov71; LP41466.

  Headlines for Higgenbottom. © 7Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP41433.

  Here comes the fuzz. © 17Sep71; LP41457.

  How many carats in a grapefruit? © 15Oct71; LP41461.

  New faces. © 10Dec71; LP41468.

  Our butler didn't do it. © 29Oct71; LP41463.

  The prisoner of fender. © 1Oct71; LP41459.

  Requiem for a godfather. © 5Nov71; LP41464.

  Take my wife, please. © 12Nov71; LP41465.

  To catch a Crooke. © 26Nov71; LP41467.

  Two in a pen. © 25Aug72 (in notice: 1971); LP41443.

  Waterloo at Napoleon. © 8Oct71; LP41460.

  Witness for the execution. © 22Oct71; LP41462.

THE PARTNERS. Universal City Studios & Stacey Productions. Distributed
by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with Don/Lee Productions. © Universal City Studios, Inc. &
Stacey Productions, Ltd.

  The magnificient perception. © 4Aug72 (in notice: 1971); LP41441.

  North is now south. © 18Dec71; LP41469.

  Two or false. © 11Aug72 (in notice: 1971); LP41442.

PASS THE POTATOES ETHEL MERMAN. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 37.

PASSAGE INTO FEAR. See

  THE FBI.

PAT GARRETT AND BILLY THE KID. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 106 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 21Jun73; LP42371.

PATH OF COURAGE, PT. 1–2. See

  LASSIE.

PAUL BUNYAN. See

  THE MOUSE FACTORY. No. 3687.

PAYMASTER EMPLOYEE VERSION. Mainland Financial Services. 2 reels, sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Mainland Financial Services, Inc.;
14Nov72; MP23563.

PAYMASTER EMPLOYER VERSION. Mainland Financial Services. 2 reels, sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Mainland Financial Services, Inc.;
12Oct72; MP23562.

PEACE IS OUR PROFESSION, PT. 1. See

  LASSIE.

PEACE IS OUR PROFESSION, PT. 3. See

  LASSIE.

PENGUIN CITY. See

  ADVENTURE.

PEOPLE VS.

  For titles beginning with People vs. See THE D.A.

PERMABOND. See

  [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE PET SHOP. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

pH METER. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 5 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor & Bruce
Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23853.

PHILADELPHIA, PENNSYLVANIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 75.

THE PHILADELPHIA STORY. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 32.

PHOENIX. See

  GUNSMOKE.

PHOTOSYNTHESIS: EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Sep72; MP23578.

PHYSICAL EXAMINATION. See

  URINALYSIS: PHYSICAL EXAMINATION.

THE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION OF AN INFANT. Thomas A. Helmrath. 15 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Thomas A. Helmrath; 19Mar73; MU8554.

PHYSIOLOGY OF THE EYE. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Nov70;
MP23648.

PICASSO IS 90. See

  CBS REPORTS.

PICK-UP. See

  ADAM–12.

PILGRIMAGE. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

PIPE ME A LOVING TUNE. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

THE PIPES OF PAN. Lauritz C. Larson. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Larry
Larson; 22Oct72; LP41428.

PITTSBURGH, PENNSYLVANIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 91.

THE PIZZA PARLOR. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

PIZZA PERFECT. Lyntel Products. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Lyntel
Products, Inc.; 9Feb73; MU8521.

THE PLAGUE. Peter Mark Tuttman. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 12
min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Voices in Society presentation. © Peter Mark
Tuttman; 15Dec71; LP41827.

PLAGUE MERCHANT. See

  THE FBI.

PLAN: WHAT WOULD YOU DO. See

  THE INVITATION: WHAT WOULD YOU DO? & THE PLAN: WHAT WOULD YOU DO.

PLANNING UNLOCKS THE DOOR. Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co. Made by
Imagination Unlimited. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on Key to
Freemasonry's growth. © Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co., Inc.; 1Oct72;
MP23494.

PLANT NUTRITION. Pt. 1: Elements of growth. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23862.

PLANT NUTRITION. Pt. 2: Pollution and nutrition. Harper & Row,
Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23863.

PLAQUE. Greater Cleveland Associated Foundation. 10 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Greater Cleveland Associated Foundation; 20Oct71 (in notice:
1972); LP41491.

PLASTERING BUREAU FIRE FILM. Plastering Industry Promotion Bureau. 23
min., si., color, 16 mm. © Plastering Industry Promotion Bureau;
20Feb73; MU8515.

PLATEAU FARMERS IN FRANCE. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
28May69; MP24073.

PLYMOUTH, FORD & CHEVY WAGON COMPARISON. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
Roy, Inc. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 9Mar73;
MP23925.

POETRY—SO MANY KINDS! Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 22Sep72;
MP24017.

POKEY, THE SNAIL. Coronet Instructional Materials. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
19Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP23679.

POLITICS BEGINS AT HOME. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

POLLUTION AND NUTRITION. See

  PLANT NUTRITION.

POLLUTION AND POPULATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 2 motion pictures,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Contents: Pt. 1–2: The problem.—Is
there a solution? © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Nov70;
MP23658–23659.

POPE JOAN. Command Productions Establishment & Triple Eight Corp. 116
min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. A Big City production. © Command
Productions Establishment & Triple Eight Corp.; 15Aug72; LP42332.

THE PORTA NIGRA AT TRIER, GERMANY. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72; MP23427.

PORTNOY'S COMPLAINT. Warner Bros. Released by Warner Communications Co.
101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on a novel by Philip
Roth. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 19Jun72; LP41661.

A PORTRAIT OF DEBBIE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE. Kent Productions. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. 117 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the
novel by Paul Gallico. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 13Dec72;
LP42091.

POSITIVE SHORTAGE PREVENTION. See

  THE DOLLAR DRAIN.

  FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE.

  WHO, ME.

THE POSSE THAT WOULDN'T QUIT. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

POSTMAN'S KNOCK. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 87 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec61; LP42372.

POTTERY DECORATION. Thorne Films. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 288) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23473.

POTTERY FIRING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 289) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23474.

POTTERY MAKING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 287) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23472.

PRACTICAL FILM MAKING. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made
by Julian Films. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 4Aug72; MP23735.

PRAISE THE FUEHRER AND PASS THE AMMUNITION. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

PRECISION WEIGHING: THE SUBSTITUTION BALANCE. Harper & Row, Publishers.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry)
Loop film. Appl. author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Aug68; MP23642.

PREDATORS. See

  GUNSMOKE.

PREGNANCY TESTS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State Film
Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author:
Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23868.

PREOPERATIVE SURGICAL SCRUB. Case Western Reserve University. Made by
Edward Feil Productions. Distributed by Year Book Medical Publishers. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. ti.: Preoperative surgical scrub
procedure. © Case Western Reserve University; 15Jul69; MP23915.

PREPARATION AND PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOIDS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (The Origin of life, pt. 2) Loop film.
Appl. author: Sidney W. Fox. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May72;
MP23382.

PREPARATION OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (The Origin of life, pt. 3) Loop film.
Appl. author: Sidney W. Fox. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May72;
MP23383.

PREPARING HISTOLOGICAL SECTIONS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 2 motion
pictures, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Contents: Pt. 1–2: Fixing,
dehydrating, and embedding.—Sectioning, mounting, and staining. © Harper
& Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23660–23661.

PREPARING TO CHASE A THREAD. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 792) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23625.

PRE-PREDATOR INTERACTIONS: MOTH, WASP, AND MITE. Harper & Row,
Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23651.

PRESIDENT ABROAD: FROM BUCHAREST TO BRITAIN. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

PRESIDENT ABROAD: INDIA AND PAKISTAN. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

PRESIDENT ABROAD: MANILA AND DJAKARTA. See

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL.

PRICE OF DEATH. See

  THE FBI.

PRIMARY EDUCATION IN ENGLAND: THE ENGLISH INFANT SCHOOL. Institute for
Development of Educational Activities. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 30Mar70;
MP24035.

THE PRINCE FROM THE PHONE COMPANY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

PRINCESS AND THE PIG. See

  ADAM–12.

PRISON TO PRISON. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

THE PRISONER OF FENDER. See

  THE PARTNERS.

PRISONER'S PRISONER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

PRIVATE PARTS. Penelope Productions & Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. Released by
Premier Productions. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 25Aug72; LP42139.

PROBLEM. See

  POLLUTION AND POPULATION.

PROBLEM SOLVING. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70;
MP24116.

THE PRODUCERS. Embassy Pictures Corp. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Embassy Pictures Corp.; 15Nov67 (in notice: 1968); LP42370.

PROFESSIONALISM, WHAT PEOPLE WOULD LIKE TO SEE. Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 36 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Chevrolet sales techniques and motivation training)
Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8532.

PROMISE AND THE PRACTICE. See

  CBS REPORTS.

PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (The Origin of life, pt. 4) Loop film. Appl.
author: Sidney W. Fox. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May72;
MP23384.

[PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pro-Tel Products. Approx. 1
min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pro-Tel Products, Inc.

  Permabond. PR 18. 30 sec. © 15Sep72; MP23513.

  Permabond. PR 20. 30 sec. © 15Sep72; MP23514.

  Wonder tumblers. © 15Aug72; MP23512.

PROTHROMBIN TIME. See

  INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT.

THE PROTRACTOR. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 15Dec72;
MP23708.

PROVIDENCE, RHODE ISLAND. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 81.

PSYCHIC KOMMANDANT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

A PSYCHOLOGY OF CREATIVITY. Center for Creative Leadership. 28 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. KUHT film production. © Center for Creative
Leadership; 4Oct72; MP23559.

PUNCH AND JONATHAN. Bill Binzen. Distributed by Connecticut Films. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bill Binzen; 1Oct72; LP41426.

PURCHASING PLAN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

PURIFICATION OF SOLIDS BY RECRYSTALLIZATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop
film. Appl. author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Jul68; MP23640.

PUTTING THE ATOM TO WORK. Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co.
Made by NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 4Feb69;
MP23982.

PUYE CLIFF DWELLINGS. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 271) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23456.

PUYE COMMUNITY HOUSE. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 272) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23457.

PYRAMID. Don Reid Productions. 23 min., sd. Videotape cassette (3/4 in.)
© Don Reid Productions; 26Mar73; MU8568.

PYRAMID. Don Reid Productions. 23 min., sd. 1st rev. Videotape cassette
(3/4 in.) © Don Reid Productions, Inc.; 29Mar73; MU8569.

PYRAMID. Don Reid Productions. 23 min., sd. 2d rev. Videotape cassette
(3/4 in.) © Don Reid Productions, Inc.; 29Mar73; MU8570.

THE PYRAMID OF TENAYUCA. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23420.

THE PYRAMID OF THE MOON AND ADJOINING PLAZA AT TEOTIHUACAN. Visual
Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual
Education. Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23422.

THE PYRAMID OF THE SUN AND SURROUNDING AREA TEOTIHUACAN. Visual
Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual
Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23424.


                                   Q

A QUESTION OF DEGREE. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

QUESTION OF GUILT. See

  THE FBI.

QUESTIONING FOR NEEDS AND WANTS. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 30 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Chevrolet sales techniques and motivation training) Loop film. © Bill
Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8535.

QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (The Origin of life, pt. 5) Loop film. Appl. author: Sidney
W. Fox. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May72; MP23385.


                                   R

R & R & R. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

THE RACE HORSE. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

RADER'S AIDERS IN THE SUBURBS. Sense Cinema. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: David Curtis Harrison. © Sense Cinema; 12Jun73; LU3653.

THE RADICAL. See

  ADAM–12.

RADIO & SOUND SYSTEM TROUBLESHOOTING. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 13Dec72;
MP23558.

RAID. See

  THE FBI.

RAINY DAY. See

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

RAINY SEASON IN WEST AFRICA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
2Feb70; MP24064.

RANCHERO AND GAUCHOS IN ARGENTINA. Public Media. Distributed by Films,
Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media,
Inc.; 20Aug69; MP24081.

RANSOM FOR A DEAD MAN. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 26Feb71; LP41891.

RAPHAEL. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

THE RAPID MODIFICATION. New Careers Systems Institute. 20 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Lee E. Jacobson. © New Careers Systems
Institute, Inc.; 1Oct72; MP23814.

REACTION KINETICS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23616.

READING A MICROMETER. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Nov72; MP23505.

READING LONG WORDS: PHONICS AND WORD STRUCTURE. Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions. Distributed by Journal Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Reading skills, series no. 2) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec72; MP24007.

READING LONG WORDS: PUTTING THE RULES TOGETHER. Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions. Distributed by Journal Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Reading skills, series no. 2) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec72; MP24008.

READING LONG WORDS: SHORT VOWEL SOUNDS. Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
Distributed by Journal Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading
skills, series no. 2) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec72; MP24012.

READING LONG WORDS: THE LONG VOWEL SOUNDS. Goldberg-Werrenrath
Productions. Distributed by Journal Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Reading skills, series no. 2) Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. ©
Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions; 15Dec72; MP24013.

READING SKILLS, SERIES NO. 2. See

  READING LONG WORDS: PHONICS AND WORD STRUCTURE.

  READING LONG WORDS: PUTTING THE RULES TOGETHER.

  READING LONG WORDS: SHORT VOWEL SOUNDS.

  READING LONG WORDS: THE LONG VOWEL SOUNDS.

READING THE VERNIER SCALE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23497.

REARS & DEARS. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse;
1Dec72; MP24026.

RECOGNIZING THE AVERAGE EMPLOYEE. Applied Learning Associates. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P. Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher.
© Applied Learning Associates; 4May72; MP23776.

RECONCILIATION. Panfilms. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms
a.a.d.o. St. John Nepomucene Church; 28Sep70; MP23805.

RECORDS TO RICHES. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by Visualscope. 10 min.,
sd., color. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.; 8Mar73; MU8558.

RECYCLING IN ACTION. FilmFair. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair,
Inc.; 15Mar73; MP23745.

RED TENT. See

  LA TENDA ROSSA.

REDUCING ABSENTEEISM AMONG DISADVANTAGED EMPLOYEES. Applied Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P.
Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher. © Applied Learning Associates; 4May72;
MP23777.

REDUCING SUBSTANCES—GLUCOSE. See

  URINALYSIS: REDUCING SUBSTANCES—GLUCOSE.

REDUCING TURNOVER WITH DISADVANTAGED EMPLOYEE. Applied Learning
Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Arnold P.
Goldstein & Melvin Sorcher. © Applied Learning Associates; 4May72;
MP23775.

REDWOOD FOREST, STREAM OCEAN BEACH, BUTTERFLY TREES. Marin Audubon
Society. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Tripping with Terwilliger) © Marin
Audubon Society; 2Feb73; MP23764.

THE REFINER'S FIRE. Doubleday Multimedia & Entropy Productions. 6 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Based on a story by K. Beasley, R. Grossman & C.
Hemenway. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 11Feb69; MP23987.

REFORMATION OF HARRY BRISCOE. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

REGULATING BODY TEMPERATURE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. of Control of body temperature. Appl.
states prev. reg. & pub. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
2Oct72; MP23724.

RELATIONSHIPS AND SELF CONCEPT. Sutherland Learning Associates. 31 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Most important person) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 3Apr72; LP41655.

RELAXATION EXERCISES. Catonsville Community College. 30 min., sd. Appl.
author: Jean Andrews Brennan. © Catonsville Community College; 14May73;
MU8621.

RELUCTANT TARGET. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

REMEMBRANCE. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF SHORT LOIN BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 5
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23403.

A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF SIRLOIN BREAKDOWN. Iowa State University. 5 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
University of Science & Technology; 4Jan72; MP23402.

REPRISAL. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

REPRODUCTION IN THE SEA URCHIN. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70;
MP23649.

REQUEST PERMISSION TO ESCAPE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

REQUIEM. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

REQUIEM FOR A GODFATHER. See

  THE PARTNERS.

RESERVATIONS ARE REQUIRED. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

RESPONSE OF ROACH CENTRAL NERVE CORD TO SENSORY STIMULATION. Harper &
Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper &
Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23654.

REST IN PEACE, SOMEBODY. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

RESURRECTION. Panfilms. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.o.
St. John Nepomucene Church; 1Jul70; MP23804.

RETURN OF MAJOR BONACELLI. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

RETURN OF SABATA. See

  E TORNATO SABATA ... HAI CHIUSO UN ALTRA VOLTA.

REVELATION. Panfilms. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a.a.d.o. St.
John Nepomucene Church; 25Mar70; MP23803.

THE REVEREND KOMMANDANT KLINK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

RICE FARMERS IN THAILAND. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
21Apr69; MP24071.

RICHTER ON FILM. Star Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cecile Starr;
1Dec72; MP23515.

RIOT. See

  BONANZA.

RISE AND FALL OF SGT. SCHULTZ. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE RIVALS. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 49.

RIVER. See

  LASSIE.

RIVER JOURNEY ON THE UPPER NILE. Public Media. Distributed by Films,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media,
Inc.; 7Oct69; MP24080.

RIVER OF MYSTERY. Universal City Studios. [Hong Kong] Distributed by
MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 2Feb71 (in notice: 1969); LP41896.

RIVER PEOPLE OF CHAD. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 10Oct69;
MP24074.

THE ROAD TO HOLLYWOOD. Astor Pictures Corp. 55 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Mack Sennett. NM: addition, compilation & revision of 4
Educational-Mack Sennett shorts. © Astor Pictures Corp.; 15Nov46;
LP41501.

ROCKETS OR ROMANCE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

ROLL AWAY THE STONE. Skyhill Film Co. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Skyhill Film Co.; 21Jun73; MU8627.

ROMA (Fellini's Roma) Ultra Film & Productions Artistes Associes.
Released by United Artists Corp. 117 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Ultra
Film, S.P.A.; 15Oct72; LP41854.

THE ROMAN BASILICA AT TRIER. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72; MP23428.

ROMANIA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 4Feb70; MP24062.

RONCO BUTTONEER. Ronco Teleproducts. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ronco
Teleproducts, Inc.; 18Nov71; MP23394.

ROPE OF GOLD. See

  THE FBI.

THE RULING CLASS. Keep Films [United Kingdom] Released in the U.S. by
Avco Embassy Pictures Corp. 153 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Peter
Barnes' play. © Keep Films, Ltd.; 24May72; LF113.

RUN, CAROL, RUN. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

RUN, COUGAR, RUN. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
Distribution Co. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book The
mountain lion, by Robert Murphy. © Walt Disney Productions; 17Oct72;
LP42085.

RUN FOR DAYLIGHT. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

RUN TO NOWHERE, PT. 1–2. See

  LASSIE.

RUNNING SCARED. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

A RUSSIAN IS COMING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.


                                   S

SABADO WITH RAMON. See

  MEXICO: SABADO WITH RAMON.

A SAFE BET? Technical Assn. of the Pulp & Paper Industry. Made by 501
Films. Approx. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © 501 Films, Inc.; 15Nov72;
MP23822.

THE SAFECRACKER SUITE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SAFETY IS NO ACCIDENT. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by Visualscope. 10
min., sd., color. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.; 8Mar73; MU8557.

THE SALINAS JACKPOT. See

  CANNON.

SALMON BROILING. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 281) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23466.

SALMON HARPOONING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 280) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23465.

SAM & THE TEENAGER. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

SAM GETS A TICKET. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

SAM HILL: WHO KILLED THE MYSTERIOUS MR. FOSTER? Universal City Studios.
[Canada] Released by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World
premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Jan71; LP41887.

SAM, THE EXPERT FARMER. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

SAME SUBJECT, DIFFERENT TREATMENT. American Federation of Arts. 10 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. A Films, Inc. presentation. © American Federation of
Arts; 15Dec72; MP24002.

THE SANDPIPER. Warren Rupp Co. Made by Boulevard Communications Group.
18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Warren Rupp Co.; 23Mar73; MU8559.

SARGE: THE BADGE OR THE CROSS. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released
by MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 19Feb71; LP41888.

SATELLITE. See

  THE FBI.

LE SAUT DE L'ANGE (Cobra) Lira Films, Films Oceanic & Apollo Film.
[Paris] 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm. D'apres le roman de Bernard-Paul
Lallier. © Lira Films; 29Sep71; LF111.

SAVAGE WATERS/SAVAGE BEAST. See

  ADVENTURE.

SAVE THE TIGER. Filmways, Jalem Productions & Cirandinha Productions.
Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based on the novel by Steve Shagan. © Paramount Pictures
Corp., Filmways, Inc., Jalem Productions, Inc. & Cirandinha Productions,
Inc.; 3Nov72; LP41832.

SCARECROW. See

  LASSIE.

SCHAEFFERSTOWN, PENNSYLVANIA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 89.

SCHEMER. See

  LASSIE.

SCHOOL BOARDS IN CRISIS: THE FIVE FACING TEN. Institute for Development
of Educational Activities. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for
Development of Educational Activities, Inc. (IDEA); 26May70; MP23757.

SCHULTZ BRIGADE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SCIENCE TODAY. See

  ENERGY: A CONVERSATION.

  THE NATURE OF MATTER: AN ATOMIC VIEW.

  THE ORIGIN OF THE ELEMENTS.

  THE STATES OF MATTER.

THE SCIENTIST. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SCOURGE. See

  THE FBI.

SCREAM OF SILENCE. See

  CANNON.

THE SEA LION. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 2Feb70; MP24057.

THE SEARCH. See

  ADAM–12.

THE SEARCH FOR ALTERNATIVE LIFE STYLES AND PHILOSOPHIES. FilmFair. 19
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © FilmFair, Inc.; 1May73; MP24011.

SEARCH FOR YESTERDAY. See

  LASSIE.

THE SECOND BEST SECRET AGENT IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD. Embassy Pictures
Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Alistair Films, Ltd. ©
Embassy Pictures Corp.; 19Nov65; LP41557.

THE SECRET LIFE OF GOMER PYLE. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

SECTIONING, MOUNTING, AND STAINING. See

  PREPARING HISTOLOGICAL SECTIONS.

SECTIONING, OBSERVING AND PHOTOGRAPHING THE SPECIMEN. See

  THE ELECTRON MICROSCOPE.

SEDIMENTATION AND SEDIMENTARY ROCKS. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72; MP24045.

SEE 'N TELL. See

  AFRICAN ANIMALS.

  AUSTRALIAN ANIMALS.

  BIRDS ON A SEASHORE.

  BLACKBIRD FAMILY.

  BUTTERFLY.

  CARP IN A MARSH.

  CHICKS AND CHICKENS.

  CIRCUS IN EUROPE.

  KANGAROOS.

  LIZARD.

  THE SEA LION.

  SHEPHERD DOG AND HIS FLOCK.

  SILK MOTH.

SELF-CONTAINED RESPIRATORY PROTECTION. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Industrial fire protection and control) © Teaching Films,
Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 2Feb73; MU8516.

SELL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE: YOURSELF, PRODUCT, DEALERSHIP. Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy Co. 37 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Chevrolet sales techniques and motivation training)
Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.; 12Mar73; MU8534.

SELL VALUE OF PURCHASE. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
Made by Bill Sandy Co. 36 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Chevrolet sales
techniques and motivation training) Loop film. © Bill Sandy Co., Inc.;
12Mar73; MU8537.

SENECA FALLS, NEW YORK. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 86.

THE SENIOR PLAY. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

SENSE ABILITY: 3 COMPREHENSION SKILLS. Educational Division, Houghton
Mifflin Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Houghton Mifflin reading
program) © Houghton Mifflin Co.; 12Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23740.

SEPARATION OF PROTEINS BY ELECTROPHORESIS. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1
reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Harper & Row, Publishers,
Inc.; 1Oct70; MP23864.

THE SEQUENCE x^nsin(1/x) Harper & Row, Publishers. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey & Judah L.
Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Sep70; MP23849.

SGT. SCHULTZ MEETS MATA HARI. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SERGEANT'S ANALYST. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SEROLOGICAL TEST (VDRL TEST) Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State
Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71;
MP23872.

SERVICE SUPREMACY PROGRAM. See

  CUSTOMER RECEPTION & CONVENIENCE.

  FACILITIES PLANNING.

THE SETTING UP OF A CLUB. Kingsbury Center. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Learning for a lifetime: the academic club method, pt. 2) Appl. author:
Sally L. Smith. © Sally L. Smith & Kingsbury Center, Inc.; 15Mar72;
MP23819.

SETTING UP WORK BETWEEN CENTERS. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 795) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23631.

THE SEX OF ANGELS. Films Cinematografica & Franz Seitz Filmproduktion.
Distributed by Lopert Pictures Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Techniscope. © Films Cinematografica, S.R.L. & Trasconta, S.A.; 19Nov69
(in notice: 1968); LP41425.

THE SEXUALLY MATURE ADULT. John Wiley & Sons. Made by FilmFair
Communications. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Wiley &
Sons, Inc., employer for hire. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 11Apr73;
MP24123.

THE SHADOW IN THE WELL. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

SHADOW OF A NAME. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

SHADOWS, SHADOWS EVERYWHERE. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 23Jun72; MP24015.

SHAMUS. Robert M. Weitman Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Robert M. Weitman
Productions; 31Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP41645.

SHAVED. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse; 1Dec72;
MP24030.

SHEEP HERDING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 283) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23468.

SHEPHERD DOG AND HIS FLOCK. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 8
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) © Public Media, Inc.; 13Nov69;
MP24109.

SHINE A LIGHT ON ME. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

SHOOTOUT AT DIABLO STATION. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

SHORT FLIGHT TO A DISTANT STAR. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

SHORT OVERVIEW. American Management Assn. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Management Assn., Inc.; 23Dec71; MP23897.

SI SE PUEDE. National Farm Workers Service Center. 44 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © National Farm Workers Service Center, Inc.; 15Jan73 (in notice:
1972); MP23768.

SIGHTS AND SOUNDS. Robert P. Puccella. 5 motion pictures (3 min. each),
sd., color, 8 mm. © Robert P. Puccella; 9Jan73; MU8507.

SILK MOTH. Public Media. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (See 'n tell) ©
Public Media, Inc.; 3Mar72; MP24108.

SIMPLE COLORIMETRY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo Films.
1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod O'Connor &
Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP23611.

SIMPLE MOLECULAR ORBITALS. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo
Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod
O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70;
MP23610.

SIMPLE STEREOCHEMISTRY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo
Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors; Rod
O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jul70;
MP23615.

SING A SONG OF PAPA. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

SISTER CITIES. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

SIX DANCES OF ANNA PAVLOVA. See

  ANNA PAVLOVA.

SIX LESSONS FROM MADAME LA GRANGE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SIX STRANGERS AT APACHE SPRINGS. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

THE SIXTH SENSE. Universal City Studios. Distributed by MCA-TV. Approx.
53 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

  Can a dead man strike from the grave? © 26Feb72; LP41996.

  Echo of a distant scream. © 1Apr72; LP42000.

  Eye of the haunted. © 18Mar72; LP41999.

  Face of ice. © 22Apr72; LP42003.

  The heart that wouldn't stay buried. © 22Jan72; LP41992.

  The house that cried murder. © 5Feb72; LP41994.

  I do not belong to the human world. © 15Jan72; LP41991.

  Lady, lady, take my life. © 29Jan72; LP41993.

  The man who died at three and nine. © 12Feb72; LP41995.

  The shadow in the well. © 15Apr72; LP42002.

  Whisper of evil. © 8Apr72; LP42001.

  Witch, witch, burning bright. © 11Mar72; LP41998.

  With this ring, I thee kill. © 4Mar72; LP41997.

SIXTY FIVE ON THE AISLE. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 38.

SIZZLING SEX SCENES. Diverse. 30 min., si., b&w, Super 8 mm. © Diverse;
15Jun72; MP23751.

THE SKIN. Shiseido Co. 28 min., sd., color. © Shiseido Co., Ltd.;
1May73; MU8607.

SKINHEAD. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

SKY ON FIRE. See

  THE FBI.

SLAUGHTER. Slaughter 1 Limited Partnership. Released by American
International Pictures. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Todd-AO 35. ©
American International Pictures, Inc. & Slaughter 1 Limited Partnership;
16Aug72; LP42031.

SLITHER. Talent Associates - Norton Simon. Released by
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 8Mar73; LP42333.

SMILER WITH A GUN. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

SMILES FROM YESTERDAY. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

SNEAKERS. See

  LASSIE.

SNOW JOB. Warner Bros. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on
a story by Richard Gallagher. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 28Jan72; LP41663.

SNOWBALL EXPRESS. Walt Disney Productions. [Canada] Distributed in the
U.S. by Buena Vista Distribution Co. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the book Chateau Bon Vivant, by Frankie and John O'Rear. © Walt
Disney Productions; 4Dec72; LP41831.

SOBRE UN VOLCAN. Assemble Mondiale de la Jeunesse. Made by Voice &
Vision Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © World Assembly of
Youth; 27Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP23936.

SOCIETY. David John Pillar. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © David John
Pillar; 15Jan73; LP41498.

SOFTER THEY FALL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SOLDERING AND BRAZING COPPER TUBING. Marshall Maintenance. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23412.

SOLOMON'S CHOICE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

SOME ARE MORE EQUAL THAN OTHERS. See

  CBS REPORTS.

SOME OF THE PLANES ARE MISSING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SOME OF THEIR PLANES ARE MISSING. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SOMEBODY'S OUT TO GET JENNIE. See

  MCCLOUD.

SOMEONE HAS TO LISTEN. Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education. Made by
WTVI-TV. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of
Education; 7Mar73; LP41961.

SOMEONE'S ON THE SKI LIFT WITH DINAH. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

SOMETHING TO GET HUNG ABOUT. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

SOUND OF SADNESS. See

  BONANZA.

THE SOUTH SIDE OF THE CATHEDRAL AT JACA, SPAIN. Visual Education. 3
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.;
1May72; MP23429.

SOUTHEAST ASIA: BURMA AND THAILAND. Coronet Instructional Materials. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division
of Esquire, Inc.; 26Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP23677.

SOUTHEAST ASIA: MALAYSIA AND SINGAPORE. Coronet Instructional Materials.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP23678.

SOUTHEAST ASIA: VIETNAM, CAMBODIA, LAOS. Coronet Instructional
Materials. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 18Jan73; MP23682.

SOUTHWEST INDIANS OF EARLY AMERICA. Coronet Instructional Materials. 14
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division
of Esquire, Inc.; 2Jan73; MP23782.

THE SOVIET UNION: FACES OF TODAY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corp. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Novosti
Press Agency. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 2Nov72;
MP23733.

SOYLENT GREEN. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based upon a novel by Harry Harrison. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 11Apr73; LP42096.

SPANISH INFLUENCES IN THE UNITED STATES. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
of Esquire, Inc.; 23Jun72; MP23594.

SPARE PARTS FOR HUMAN BODIES. Educational Systems Division, Doubleday &
Co. Made by NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
association with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises;
24Oct68; MP23976.

A SPECIAL KIND OF PRIDE. ABC Media Concepts. 31 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 26Dec72; MP23798.

SPEECH & HEARING DISORDERS. See

  IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: ARTICULATION.

SPINNING WOOL. Thorne Films. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 284) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23469.

SPRINGFIELD, MISSOURI. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 57.

THE SPY IN THE GREEN HAT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 93 min., sd., color, 35
mm. An Arena production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec66; LP41823.

THE SPY WITH MY FACE. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
An Arena production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec64; LP41820.

STAFF MEETING. Institute for Development of Educational Activities. 11
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The League) © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 14Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP23944.

STALLION. See

  BONANZA.

STANDING ROOM ONLY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

START THE REVOLUTION WITHOUT ME. Norbud Films. Released by Warner
Bros.-Seven Arts. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Norbud Films, Ltd.;
1Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP42138.

THE STATES OF MATTER. Communications/Research/Machines. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (A Science today film) © Communications/Research/Machines,
Inc.; 1Jan73; MP23570.

THE STATUE. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

STEP AHEAD WITH CUTLASS. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. 4
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corp.; 15Jun73; MU863O.

A STEP TO THE FRONT. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. 4 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.: Toronado: a step to the
front. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 15Jun73; MU8631.

STERLING, NORTH DAKOTA. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 42.

STICKY WICKET, NEWKIRK. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

STITCHERY. ACI Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ACI
Productions, Inc.; 3Oct69; MP23818.

STONE BOILING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 275) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23460.

STONE, COLD DEAD. See

  CANNON.

STORM SEWER. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE STORY OF PEANUT BUTTER. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23534.

STRANGE CREATURES OF THE NIGHT. National Geographic Society & Wolper
Productions. 50 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
11Jan73; MP23932.

THE STRANGE MONSTER OF STRAWBERRY COVE, PT. 2. See

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. 1971–72 series.

THE STRANGE SECRET OF YERMO HILL. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THE STRANGEST SECRET. Nightingale-Conant Corp. 21 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Nightingale-Conant Corp.; 7Oct70; MP23779.

THE STRATEGIES OF SMALL-GROUP LEARNING. Institute for Development of
Educational Activities. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for
Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 29Nov71; MP23939.

THE STRATEGY. Institute for Development of Educational Activities. 38
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The League) © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 9May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23951.

STREAM ACTION. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72;
MP24046.

STRENGTHENING THE HOME. Brigham Young University Motion Picture Dept. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Feb73; MP23795.

STRINGS & CIRCLES. See

  CLASSROOM VIGNETTES.

STUTTERING. See

  IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: STUTTERING.

SUB-STATION. See

  ADAM–12.

SUBURBAN AND SPORTVAN. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
Made by Bill Sandy Co. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8580.

SUE THE PANTS OFF 'EM. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

SUGAR IN EGYPT. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 21Oct69;
MP24068.

SUMMER OF '42. Mulligan-Roth Productions. Released by Warner Bros. 102
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Bros., Inc. & Mulligan-Roth
Productions, a joint venture of Park Place Productions, Inc. & Richard
Alan Roth Productions, Inc.; 18Apr71; LP41791.

SUPER FLY. Superfly. Released by Warner Bros. 96 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Superfly, Ltd.; 4Aug72; LP41650.

THE SUPERSTARS. Candid Productions. 120 min. © Candid Productions, Inc.;
14May73; MU8567.

THE SURFACE GAGE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 15Nov72;
MP23499.

SURVIVAL. See

  LASSIE.

SUTURELESS HEMORRHOIDECTOMY. Edward Weck & Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. author: Walter Reynolds, Jr. © Edward Weck & Co., Inc.;
28Dec72; MP23401.

SWEET JESUS, PREACHERMAN. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 99 min., sd., color, 35
mm. An Entertainment Pyramid-Capitol Cinema production. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 5Jun73; LP42374.

SWING SHIFT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

SYSTEMATIZED BLOOD BANK PROCEDURES. Ortho Diagnostics & Philip Levine
Laboratories. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp.
d.b.a. Ortho Diagnostics; 19May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23510.


                                   T

THX 1138. Warner Bros. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An American Zoetrope
production. Techniscope. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 11Mar71 (in notice:
1970); LP41627.

TAKE CARE OF ZOUZOU. See

  KHALLY BALLAK MIN ZOUZOU.

TAKE MY WIFE, PLEASE. See

  THE PARTNERS.

TALE OF TWO KITTIES. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

TALK TO THE SNAIL. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

TANKS FOR THE MEMORY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TAPPING A HOLE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 15Nov72;
MP23504.

TASTE OF FREEDOM. See

  LASSIE.

A TASTE OF SALT. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA. Hammer Film Productions [Gt. Britain]
Released in the U.S. by Warner Bros. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on the character created by Bram Stoker. © Hammer Film Productions,
Ltd.; 7May70 (in notice: 1969); LF118.

TAYLOR SERIES I. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual Learning Corp.
1 reel, si, color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M. Schey
& Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP23606.

TAYLOR SERIES II. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Visual Learning
Corp. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Harry M.
Schey & Judah L. Schwartz. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jun70;
MP23607.

TEACHING MODERN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS. See

  BEGINNING CONCEPTS IN LOGIC.

  DECIMALS AND PERCENTS.

  DEVELOPING CONCEPTS IN ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.

  DEVELOPING SETS.

  DISCOVERING THE PROPERTIES OF GEOMETRIC FIGURES.

  ELEMENTS OF GEOMETRY.

  FRACTIONAL NUMBER CONCEPTS.

  FRACTIONAL NUMBER OPERATIONS.

  FRACTIONAL NUMBERS: MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.

  FUNCTIONS, STATISTICS AND GRAPHS.

  INTRODUCING ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.

  INTRODUCING DIVISION.

  INTRODUCING MULTIPLICATION.

  INTRODUCING SETS.

  THE MEANING OF ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.

  THE MEANING OF MULTIPLICATION.

  MEASUREMENT.

  NUMBER SENTENCES.

  NUMBERS AND NUMERALS.

  PROBLEM SOLVING.

  WORKING WITH MODERN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS.

TEAM TEACHING IN THE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL. Institute for Development of
Educational Activities. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for
Development of Educational Activities, Inc. (IDEA); 13Jun69; MP23758.

TEAM TEACHING: THE CORONA AFFAIR. Institute for Development of
Educational Activities. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The League) ©
Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.; 14Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); MP23949.

TECHNIQUE OF POLYCENTRIC-TYPE KNEE ARTHROPLASTY. Zimmer U.S.A. Made by
Centron Corp. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Zimmer U.S.A.; 18Dec72;
MP23509.

TEEN SCENE. Chia's Productions. 41 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
author: Jack T. Chia. © Chia's Productions; 15Dec72; MP23397.

TEETH. Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Exploring the body) ©
Films, Inc.; 16Jan73 (in notice: 1971); MP24089.

TELL IT TO THE BIRDS. See

  LASSIE.

LE TEMPESTAIRE. (The tempest) France Illustration et Filmagazine. 23
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. English subtitles. Appl. states prev. pub. 1947.
NM: subtitles & revision. © Raymond Rohauer; 1Dec62; LP41642.

TEN FROM YOUR SHOW OF SHOWS. Pinnacle Productions. 93 min., sd., b&w, 35
mm. Appl. author: Max Liebman. © Pinnacle Productions, Inc.; 22Feb73;
LP41683.

LA TENDA ROSSA (The red tent) Vides Cinematografica & Mosfilm. [Rome]
Released by Ital-Noleggio Cinematografico. 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Vides Cinematografica, S.A.S.; 23Dec69; LF107.

TENDER COMRADE. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

TEOTIHUCAN [i.e. TEOTIHUACAN] Pt. 1–2. Visual Education. 3 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72; MP23425.

TEST FOR KETONES AND DIACETIC ACID. See

  URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR KETONES AND DIACETIC ACID.

TESTS FOR HEMOGLOBIN. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay State Film
Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author:
Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Apr71; MP23887.

TESTS FOR PROTEIN. See

  URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR PROTEIN.

THAILAND: A NEW VOICE IN BUDDHA'S GARDEN. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

THAILAND: GOODBYE TO A SMALL AND MAGIC DRAGON. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

THANKSGIVING COMES BUT ONCE A YEAR, HOPEFULLY. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 35.

THAT GIRL. Daisy Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
An ABC presentation. © Daisy Productions.

  No.

  31. Absence makes the heart grow nervous. © 8May67; LP42230.

  32. The Philadelphia story. © 19Jun67; LP42233.

  33. The good skate. © 15May67; LP42232.

  34. Black, white and read all over. © 1May67; LP42229.

  35. Thanksgiving comes but once a year, hopefully. © 8May67; LP42231.

  36. To each her own. © 22Jul67; LP42235.

  37. Pass the potatoes Ethel Merman. © 18Jul67; LP42234.

  38. Sixty five on the aisle. © 9Aug67; LP42237.

  39. The apartment. © 9Aug67; LP42238.

  40. Mod, mod world, pt. 1. © 29Aug67; LP42239.

  41. Mod, mod world, pt. 2. © 29Aug67; LP42240.

  42. The collaborators. © 11Sep67; LP42241.

  43. There's nothing to be afraid of but Freud himself. © 3Aug67;
  LP42236.

  44. When in Rome. © 15Sep67; LP42242.

  45. A friend in need. © 15Sep67 (in notice: 1968); LP42215.

  46. The mailman cometh. © 19Oct67; LP42243.

  47. 'Twas the night before Christmas, you are under arrest. © 24Oct67;
  LP42244.

  48. Fur all we know. © 7Nov67 (in notice: 1968); LP42216.

  49. The rivals. © 13Nov67 (in notice: 1968); LP42217.

  50. Call of the wild. © 27Nov67 (in notice: 1968); LP42218.

  51. The other woman. © 3Dec67 (in notice: 1968); LP42219.

  52. He, she & he. © 13Dec67 (in notice: 1968); LP42220.

  53. Odpdypahimcaifss. Appl. ti.: Adpdypahemcaifss. © 29Dec67 (in
  notice: 1968); LP42221.

  54. Great guy. © 10Jan68; LP42222.

  55. The detective story. © 18Jan68; LP42223.

  56. If you were almost the only man in the world. © 30Jan68; LP42225.

  57. Just spell the name right. © 29Jan68; LP42224.

  58. The beard. © 9Feb68; LP42226.

  59. The drunkard. © 16Feb68; LP42227.

  60. Old man's darling. © 27Feb68; LP42228.

THAT'S NO LADY, THAT'S MY SPY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THERE'S NO TIME FOR LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN. United Feature Syndicate. 1
reel, sd., color, 35 mm. © United Feature Syndicate, Inc.; 11Mar73;
LP42158.

THERE'S NOTHING TO BE AFRAID OF BUT FREUD HIMSELF. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 43.

THEY GROW UP. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THEY SHALL SEE. Franciscan Communications Center. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan Communications Center;
12Dec72; MP23393.

THEY'RE ALWAYS CHANGING: THREE OUTLOOKS. American Management Assn. 6
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72;
MP23911.

THE THING WITH TWO HEADS. American International Pictures. 93 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. A Saber production. © American International Pictures,
Inc.; 19Jul72; LP42033.

THIRD FINGER, LEFT LOAF. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

39TH OLDSMOBILE NATIONAL DEALER COUNCIL. Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corp. 78 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division, G.M.C.;
15Jun73; MU8634.

THIS IS A LIFE. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

THIS IS CAMPING. Indiana University. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Indiana University; 15Dec72; MP23508.

THIS IS GRAVITY. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23523.

THIS IS HIGH SCHOOL. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Jan73
(in notice: 1972); MP23720.

THIS IS MAX. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

THREADING WITH A DIE. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Nov72; MP23496.

THREATENED SPECIES. See

  THE BOLD ONES.

THREE BROTHERS IN HAITI. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
4Feb70; MP24065.

THREE LETTERS FROM ONE WIFE. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

THREE MANAGERIAL STYLES. American Management Assn. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23912.

3,000 CROOKED MILES TO HONOLULU. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

THE THUNDER OF HIS SILENCE. Society for Avatar Meher Baba. 58 min., sd.,
color. © Society for Avatar Meher Baba; 16Jan73; MU8512.

THUNDERSTORMS. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Aug72;
MP24047.

A TIGER HUNT IN PARIS, PT. 1. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

A TIGER HUNT IN PARIS, PT. 2. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TIMBER IN FINLAND. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 27Jun69;
MP24070.

A TIME FOR EVERY SEASON. Lodestar Productions. 105 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Lodestar Productions, Inc.; 31Jan73; MP23746.

A TIME OF WAKING. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

THE TIP. See

  ADAM–12.

TIPI RAISING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 273) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23458.

TITRATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm.
(Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl. author: Rod
O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug68; MP23637.

TO CARRY ON THE WORK WHICH YOU BEGAN. University of North Carolina
Television. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © James W. Eldridge & University
of North Carolina Television; 22Mar73; MU8552.

TO CATCH A CROOKE. See

  THE PARTNERS.

TO EACH HER OWN. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 36.

TO KILL A GUINEA PIG. See

  CANNON.

TO RE-ENLIST OR NOT TO RE-ENLIST. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

TO RUSSIA WITHOUT LOVE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TO THE GESTAPO WITH LOVE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TO THE STATION. Chaim Calev. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Chaim Calev;
28Dec72; LP41634.

TO TRAP A SPY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. An Arena
production. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 22Sep64; LP42373.

TODDLERS AND INDIANS. Harold Mantell, Inc. Distributed by Doubleday
Multimedia. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Harold Mantell, Inc.; 29Nov67;
MP24038.

TOKYO INDUSTRIAL WORKER. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.;
19Jun69; MP24066.

TOMMY'S FIRST CAR. FilmFair Communications. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
A Learning Garden production. © FilmFair, Inc.; 15Dec72; MP23698.

TOP HAT, WHITE TIE & BOMBSIGHT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TOP OF THE WORLD, MA. See

  MCCLOUD.

TOP SECRET TOP COAT. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

THE TORCH. See

  CANNON.

THE TORNADO: APPROACHING THE UNAPPROACHABLE. Environmental Films. 23
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Grazulis. © Environmental
Films, Inc.; 5Oct72; MP24022.

TORONADO: A STEP TO THE FRONT. See

  A STEP TO THE FRONT.

TOWER. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TRACHEOSTOMY. American College of Physicians. Made by Medex
International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (American College of
Physicians medical skills library) Loop film. © American College of
Physicians; 21Jul72; MP23414.

TRADER HORN. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
upon characters created by Ethelreda Lewis. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
8Jun73; LP42369.

TRAFTON. See

  GUNSMOKE.

THE TRAIL OF THE FEATHERED SERPENT. See

  ADVENTURE.

TRAIN DIRECTOR. Robert L. Stark. 16 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Robert L.
Stark; 20Dec72; MP23399.

TRAVELS WITH MY AUNT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Panavision. Based on the novel by Graham Greene. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer,
Inc.; 14Dec72; LP41990.

TRAVOIS MAKING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 278) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23463.

TREASURE OF SAN IGNACIO. See

  CANNON.

TREATIES. See

  THE HUMAN DIMENSION.

TRENCHING & SHORING. Laborers-AGC Education & Training Fund. 26 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Laborers-AGC Education & Training
Fund; 22Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP23747.

THE TRIANGLE. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

TRIPPING WITH TERWILLIGER. See

  BAY TIDELANDS.

  REDWOOD FOREST, STREAM OCEAN BEACH, BUTTERFLY TREES.

TROUBLE MAN. JDF/B Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.;
1Nov72; LP42092.

TROUBLED WATERS. See

  LASSIE.

TRUANT. See

  ADAM–12.

TRUTHS ABOUT TEETH. Dept, of Public Health & Welfare, City of Cleveland.
Made by CAP Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Greater Cleveland
Associated Foundation; 27May72; LP41494.

TRY IT SOMETIME. Institute for Development of Educational Activities. 47
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The League) © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 28Feb72 (in notice: 1971); MP23943.

TULE BALSA BOAT BUILDING. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
(North American Indian series, no. 279) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
15Dec72; MP23464.

TUNE INTO NATURE. Neubacher-Vetter Film Productions. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. authors: Robert B. Neubacher & Richard Vetter. ©
Neubacher-Vetter Film Productions; 20Apr73; MP23820.

TURN TO DODGE FOR LEADERSHIP. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 19
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 4Apr73; MP23923.

TURNING A STEP USING THE COMPOUND. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color. Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 788)
Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23628.

TURNING A TAPER BETWEEN CENTERS. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 794) Loop
film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23632.

TURNING A TAPER USING THE COMPOUND. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by
Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Engine lathe, no. 798)
Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.; 1Dec72; MP23633.

'TWAS THE NIGHT BEFORE CHRISTMAS, YOU ARE UNDER ARREST. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 47.

21 DAYS TO TENSTRIKE. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

TWENTY-SIXTH GRAVE. See

  BONANZA.

TWO DOVES AND MR. HERON. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

TWO IN A PEN. See

  THE PARTNERS.

TWO NAZIS FOR THE PRICE OF ONE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

TWO OR FALSE. See

  THE PARTNERS.

TYPES OF FLOORS. Comprenetics. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Comprenetics, Inc.; 12Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP23791.


                                   U

U.M.C. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television. 120 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 17Apr69; LP41646.

ULTIMATE WEAPON. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

UNCUT. See

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

UNDERGROUND GARAGE. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

UNDERSTANDING ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS. Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 5Jun73; MP24120.

UNFAIR EXCHANGE. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

UNFINISHED STORIES. See

  WHAT WILL [PERSONAL NAME] DO.

UNHOLY ROLLERS. American International Pictures. 88 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Based on a story by Vernon Zimmerman & Howard R. Cohen. © American
International Pictures, Inc.; 20Oct72; LP42030.

THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS: OF, BY AND FOR THE PEOPLE. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corp. Made by Concept Films. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. 2d ed. Appl. states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 5Dec61, 12335. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 11Dec72; MP23730.

UNTIL PROVEN INNOCENT. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

UP IN KLINK'S ROOM. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

UPJOHN TODAY. Upjohn Co. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Upjohn Co.;
27Nov72; LP41505.

UPRIGHT LOOM. Thorne Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (North
American Indian series, no. 285) Loop film. © Thorne Films, Inc.;
1Dec72; MP23470.

URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR BILE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay
State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71;
MP23891.

URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR OCCULT BLOOD. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP23883.

URINALYSIS: MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION OF SEDIMENT. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 3 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23879.

URINALYSIS: PHYSICAL EXAMINATION. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay
State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1May71;
MP23893.

URINALYSIS: REDUCING SUBSTANCES—GLUCOSE. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made
by Bay State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1May71; MP2389O.

URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR KETONES AND DIACETIC ACID. Harper & Row,
Publishers. Made by Bay State Film Productions. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Robert M. Dixon. © Harper & Row,
Publishers, Inc.; 1May71; MP23880.

URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR PROTEIN. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Bay
State Film Productions. 5 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
author: Robert M. Dixon. Appl. ti.: Urinalysis, test for protein. ©
Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Jun71; MP23876.

USING A MICROMETER. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne Films. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film Corp.;
15Nov72; MP23500.

USING AND CARING FOR ART MATERIALS. Centron Educational Films. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp.; 26Apr73; MP23927.


                                   V

VDRL TEST. See

  SEROLOGICAL TEST (VDRL TEST)

VICA: GOING PLACES. Vocational Industrial Clubs of America. Made by
Hermes Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Vocational Industrial Clubs
of America, Inc.; 26Jan73; MP23664.

VANDALISM—WHY? Alfred Higgins Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 15Sep72; MP23967.

VANISHED. Pt. 1. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) Based on the novel by
Fletcher Knebel. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Mar71; LP41883.

VANISHED. Pt. 2. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Distributed by MCA-TV.
106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (World premiere) Based on the novel by
Fletcher Knebel. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Mar71; LP42027.

VEGA. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill Sandy
Co. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 27Apr73; MU8620.

VEGA REPORT. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp. Made by Bill
Sandy Co. 48 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corp.; 12Mar73; MU8539.

VENDETTA. See

  THE FBI.

VENEREAL DISEASE. John Wiley & Sons. Made by FilmFair Communications. 17
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Wiley & Sons, Inc., employer
for hire. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 11Apr73; MP24125.

VENEZUELA: OIL BUILDS A NATION. Sleeping Giant Films. Distributed by
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Sleeping Giant Films, Inc.; 11Oct72; MP23737.

VENOUS CUTDOWN. American College of Physicians. Made by Medex
International. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (American College of
Physicians medical skills library) Loop film. © American College of
Physicians; 21Jul72; MP23415.

THE VERNIER CALIPER AT WORK. Clear-Vue Film Corp. Released by Thorne
Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Clear-Vue Film
Corp.; 15Nov72; MP23503.

A VERY SPECIAL GIRL. See

  THE MAN AND THE CITY.

VESALIUS, FOUNDER OF MODERN ANATOMY. Yale University School of Medicine.
13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Yale University; 7Sep72; MP23937.

VICTIM IN SHADOW. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

A VIDEO GUIDE TO WINE. Winevision. Made by Gordon Thomas Productions. 1
reel, sd., color. Videotape cassette. © Winevision, Inc.; 31Jul72;
MP23821.

VIETNAM HINDSIGHT, PT. 1: HOW IT BEGAN. See

  NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER.

VIETNAM HINDSIGHT, PT. 2: THE DEATH OF DIEM. See

  NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER.

VIGIL OF THE STORK. See

  LASSIE.

THE VIOLENT EARTH. National Geographic Society & Wolper Productions. 51
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 8Feb73; MP23931.

VISIBLE AND ULTRAVIOLET SPECTROSCOPY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by
Old Pueblo Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
authors: Rod O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.;
1Aug70; MP23613.

A VISIT TO BARNEY FIFE. See

  THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

VISITATION. Joan Marie Wolf. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Suggested by
characters & incidents in the novels of Fyodor Dostoievsky. Appl.
author: Joseph Wolf III. © Joan Marie Wolf; 6Dec72; LP41637.

VISITOR. See

  LASSIE.

THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE VISUAL PATHWAY. Teaching Films. 13 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Anatomy of the human eye) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corp.; 22Dec72; MU851O.

VOCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES IN HIGH SCHOOL. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corp.; 30Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP23719.

VOICE AND RESONANCE. See

  IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: VOICE AND RESONANCE.

VOICE FROM A NIGHTMARE. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

VOLUMETRIC TECHNIQUES. Harper & Row, Publishers. 1 reel, si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Fundamental techniques of chemistry) Loop film. Appl.
author: Rod O'Connor. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug68; MP23643.

VOTING AT 18. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jun72;
MP23447.

VOYAGE. Jerry Jofen. 11 min. © Jerry Jofen; 23Apr73; MU8564.


                                   W

WALDO POINT. Saul Rouda. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Saul Rouda;
18Jan73; MU8513.

A WALK IN THE WOODS. Coronet Instructional Films. 6 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Sep72;
MP23584.

WALKING TALL. Bing Crosby Productions. Distributed by Cinerama Releasing
Corp. 125 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Bing Crosby Productions, Inc.;
23Feb73; LP41989.

WAR TAKES A HOLIDAY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WARLOCK AT MACH 3. See

  OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.

WASHINGTON, D.C. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 73.

WATCH MY LINE. See

  THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.

WATCH THE TRAINS GO BY. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WATER IN THE WILDERNESS. Clark Bell Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. author: Clarkson A. Bell. © Clark Bell Films; 14Feb73; MP24033.

WATERLOO AT NAPOLEON. See

  THE PARTNERS.

WATTSTAX. Stax Films & Wolper Pictures. Released by Columbia Pictures.
100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Wolper Pictures & Stax Films, Inc.;
4Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP41657.

WAYNE'S PLACE. Elaine Adrienne Krieger. 37 min., sd. © Elaine Adrienne
Krieger; 23Apr73; MU8565.

WE GET EGGS FROM CHICKENS. Visual Education. 3 min., si., color. Super 8
mm. Loop film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971);
MP23522.

WEDDING. See

  GUNSMOKE.

WEDNESDAY, LADIES FREE. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

WEDNESDAY WARRIOR. See

  ADAM–12.

WELCOME HOME SOLDIER BOYS. Marvin Schwartz Productions. Released by
Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp.; 1Mar72 (in notice: 1971); LP42090.

THE WELL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WE'RE GETTING ON. Pt. 1. Jerry Jofen. 330 ft. © Jerry Jofen; 23Apr73;
LU3647.

THE WEST FRONT. See

  THE CATHEDRAL AT PUEBLA.

WET & WILD. Diverse Industries. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse;
1Dec72; MP24024.

WHAM AND EGGS. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Cinema Co. ©
United Artists Corp.; 18Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP41604.

WHAT BUSINESS ARE YOU REALLY IN. See

  WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING.

WHAT COLOR IS IT? Visual Education. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Visual Education, Inc.; 1May72 (in notice: 1971); MP23528.

WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS. Pt. 1: The
Meritt case; pt. 2: The computer and you. BNA Films. 2 reels, sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Management practice) © BNA, Inc.; 12Dec72; MP23371.

WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING. Pt. 1: The
Meritt case; pt. 2: Invent your own future. BNA Films. 2 motion pictures
(25 min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. (Management practice) © BNA, Inc.;
12Dec72; MP23373.

WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING. Pt. 1: The Meritt
case; pt. 2: What business are you really in? BNA Films. 2 motion
pictures (25 min. each), sd., color, 16 mm, (Management practice) © BNA,
Inc.; 12Dec72; MP23372.

WHAT IS A CITY? Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jun72;
MP23406.

WHAT IS SEGREGATION? Franciscan Communications Center. 10 sec., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications Center; 9Dec72; MP23673.

WHAT TIME DOES THE BALLOON GO UP. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WHAT TIME IS IT? Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. 2d ed. Produced in cooperation with Ron Crawford, Inc. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Nov72; MP23683.

WHAT WILL BARBARA DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division.
Made by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color. 16 mm. (Unfinished
stories, no. 15) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday &
Co., Inc.; 16Jan69; MP23973.

WHAT WILL BERNARD DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division.
Made by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished
stories, no. 10) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday &
Co., Inc.; 6Nov68; MP23992.

WHAT WILL CARL DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 13) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
16Jan69; MP23972.

WHAT WILL CHRISTY DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division.
Made by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished
stories, no. 8) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday &
Co., Inc.; 24Oct68; MP23998.

WHAT WILL JONATHAN DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division.
Made by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished
stories, no. 3) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday &
Co., Inc.; 24Oct68; MP23999.

WHAT WILL KATHY DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 2) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
24Oct68; MP23995.

WHAT WILL KEVIN DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 7) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
6Nov68; MP23993.

WHAT WILL LINDA DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 6) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
24Oct68; MP23994.

WHAT WILL MARY AND NANCY DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems
Division. Made by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Unfinished stories, no. 12) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl.
author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. ©
Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 16Jan69; MP23970.

WHAT WILL PATTY DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 1) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
6Nov68; MP23990.

WHAT WILL PETE DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 4) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
6Nov68; MP23996.

WHAT WILL RAMONA DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 11) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
16Jan69; MP23969.

WHAT WILL RAY DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made by
Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories, no.
14) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
16Jan69; MP23971.

WHAT WILL SKIP DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made
by Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories,
no. 9) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
24Oct68; MP23991.

WHAT WILL TED DO? Doubleday & Co., Educational Systems Division. Made by
Vision Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Unfinished stories, no.
5) Based on a story in the NEA journal. Appl. author: Doubleday
Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
24Oct68; MP23997.

WHAT'S IN IT FOR MIA. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

WHAT'S SO IMPORTANT ABOUT A WHEEL? Gilbert Altschul Productions.
Released by Journal Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. Appl.
author: Gilbert Altschul. Appl. states prev. reg. 2Mar64, 14130. ©
Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 15Jun72; MP23483.

WHAT'S UP, DOC? Warner Bros. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. A
Saticoy production. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 9Mar72; LP41792.

WHEN DINOSAURS RULED THE EARTH. Hammer Film Productions [Great Britain]
Released in the U.S. by Warner Bros. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 1Oct70 (in notice: 1969); LF119.

WHEN IN ROME. See

  THAT GIRL. No. 44.

WHEN THE LEGENDS DIE. Sagaponack Films. Released by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel
by Hal Borland. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 23Aug72; LP42093.

WHERE THERE'S A WILL. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

WHERE'S JOE? United Steelworkers of America. Made by Cinecraft. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Cinecraft, Inc.; 13Dec72; MP23516.

WHICH WAY TO THE O.K. CORRAL. See

  ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.

WHILE YOU WERE OUT. American Management Assn. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23904.

WHILE YOU'RE AT IT, BRING IN THE MOON. See

  HAWAII FIVE–0.

A WHISPER OF DISSENT. Institute for Development of Educational
Activities. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Institute for Development of
Educational Activities, Inc. (IDEA): 25Nov69; MP23755.

WHISPER OF EVIL. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

WHITE BLOOD CELLS AND EOSINOPHILS. See

  ENUMERATION.

WHO IN THE WORLD? Oxfam-America. Made by Green River Productions. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oxfam-America, Inc.; 15Sep72; MP23794.

WHO, ME? Calvin Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Positive
shortage prevention) © Calvin Communications, Inc.; 1Aug72; MP23387.

WHO OWNS THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN? Educational Systems Division,
Doubleday & Co. Made by NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Produced in association with New Concept Productions. Appl. author:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC
Enterprises; 24Oct68; MP23974.

WHO OWNS THE MOON? Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co. Made by
NBC Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association
with New Concept Productions. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia,
division of Doubleday & Co., Inc. © NBC Enterprises; 11Feb69; MP23981.

WHO STOLE MY COPY OF MEIN KAMPF. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WHO WON. See

  ADAM–12.

WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO? American International Productions (England) &
Hemdale Group. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American Internation [sic]
Productions (England) Ltd.; 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42141.

WHY COMMUNICATION GOES WRONG. American Management Assn. 9 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Management Assn., Inc.; 8Nov72; MP23907.

WHY THINGS FLOAT. McGraw-Hill. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill
Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 5Jul72 (in notice: 1970); MP23492.

WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS; or, The kings of Snark. Stephen Bosustow
Productions. Released by Learning Corp. of America. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Adapted from the book by Marie Winn. © Learning Co. of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 22Feb73 (in notice:
1972); LP42095.

WICHITA, KANSAS. See

  FRIENDS. Episode no. 60.

WICKED, WICKED. United National Pictures. Released by
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Duo-Vision. ©
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 13Apr73; LP42140.

WILD KINGDOM. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

WILL THE BLUE BARON STRIKE AGAIN. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WILL THE REAL ADOLF HITLER PLEASE STAND UP. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WILL THE REAL COLONEL KLINK PLEASE STAND AGAINST THE WALL. See

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WILLIAM. Franciscan Communications Center. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
From a story by Mary Lou McPortland. © Franciscan Communications Center;
1Feb73; MP23564.

WIND EROSION AND DEPOSITION. McGraw-Hill Films. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
Inc.; 28Aug72; MP24048.

WINEMAKERS IN FRANCE. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 8Oct69;
MP24079.

WINGS OF THE GHOST. See

  LASSIE.

WITCH, WITCH, BURNING BRIGHT. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

WITH THIS RING, I THEE KILL. See

  THE SIXTH SENSE.

WITH VIV AS A FRIEND WHO NEEDS AN ENEMY. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

WITHER THE WEATHER, See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

WITNESS. See

  BONANZA.

  HOGAN'S HEROES.

WITNESS FOR THE EXECUTION. See

  THE PARTNERS.

WONDER TUMBLERS. See

  [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE WONDERFUL WORLD GOD GAVE US. Daughters of St. Paul. 8 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Daughters of St. Paul; 16Dec72; LP41640.

THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60 min.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Walt Disney
Productions.

  1971–72 series.

  The strange monster of Strawberry Cove, pt. 2. From the story by
  Bertrand R. Brinley. © 21Oct71; LP41423.

THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60 min.
each, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Walt Disney Productions.

  1971–72 series.

  Disney on parade. © 10Dec71; LP41509.

THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60 min.
each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Walt Disney Productions.

  1972–73 series.

  The boy and the bronc buster, pt. 1–2. Based on a book by Will James.
  © 16Mar73, LP42074; 28Mar73, LP42075.

  Call it courage. Based on the book by Armstrong Sperry. © 2Apr73;
  LP42071.

  Chester, yesterday's horse. © 15Feb73; LP42073.

  The little shepherd dog of Catalina. © 22Feb73; LP42072.

WON'T YOU CALM DOWN DAN DAILEY. See

  HERE'S LUCY.

WOODSTOCK. Wadleigh-Maurice, Ltd. Released by Warner Bros., 184 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Bros., Inc.; 26Mar70; LP41629.

WOOL IN AUSTRALIA. Public Media. Distributed by Films, Inc. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Man and his world) © Public Media, Inc.; 16Jun69;
MP24078.

WORDS' WORTH: 5 LITERARY SKILLS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Houghton Mifflin reading program) © Houghton Mifflin
Co.; 6Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP23743.

WORK IS A FOUR LETTER WORD. Cavalcade Films. Released by Universal
Pictures. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted from the play Eh? by Henry
Livings. © Cavalcade Films, Ltd.; 7Sep68 (in notice: 1967); LP41660.

THE WORK OF THE KIDNEYS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. Appl. states prev. reg. & pub. ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 4Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
MP23731.

WORKING WITH MODERN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS. Houghton Mifflin Co. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Teaching modern school mathematics) © Houghton
Mifflin Co.; 1Sep70; MP23689.

WORKSHOP. See

  [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

THE WORLD OF FOAM, YOUR WORLD. Gusmer Corp. 20 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. © Gusmer Corp.; 5Jul72 (in notice: 1971); MP23670.

WORLD OF THE PINNIPEDS. See

  MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

WORLD PREMIERE. See

  BANACEK.

  CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A.

  ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.

  EMERGENCY.

  EVIL ROY SLADE.

  THE HARNESS.

  A HOWLING IN THE WOODS.

  THE IMPATIENT HEART.

  LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL.

  MARRIAGE: YEAR ONE.

  ONCE UPON A DEAD MAN.

  RANSOM FOR A DEAD MAN.

  RIVER OF MYSTERY.

  SAM HILL: WHO KILLED THE MYSTERIOUS MR. FOSTER.

  SARGE: THE BADGE OR THE CROSS.

  VANISHED.

THE WORLD'S GREATEST ATHLETE. Walt Disney Productions. [Canada]
Distributed in the U.S. by Buena Vista Distribution Co. 92 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Walt Disney Productions; 26Jan73; LP42086.

WRESTLING QUEEN. Snowman Productions. Approx. 45 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Presented in association with Bernard Productions. Appl. author:
Wayne Wellons. © Snowman Productions, Inc.; 17Apr73; MP23830.

WRITERS ON WRITING. See

  JOE GORES: A PENNY A WORD.


                                   X

X-RAY CRYSTALLOGRAPHY. Harper & Row, Publishers. Made by Old Pueblo
Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Rod
O'Connor & Bruce Fowler. © Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.; 1Aug70;
MP23620.


                                   Y

YANKTON. See

  GUNSMOKE.

YEAR OF SUNDAYS. See

  LASSIE.

A YELLOW BIRD. See

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

YOKAHAMA MAMA. DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Mirisch Cinema Co. ©
United Artists Corp.; 24Dec72; LP41603.

YOU BET YOUR WON TON. See

  GOMER PYLE—USMC.

YOU CAN DEPEND ON A DELTA. Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. 4
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.: You can depend on a
Delta 88. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 15Jun73; MU8629.

YOU OUGHT TO BE IN PICTURES. See

  THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

THE YOUNG CONVICTS: PRISON IN THE STREETS. American Broadcasting
Companies. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting
Companies, Inc.; 2Feb72; MP23801.

YOUNG WINSTON. Columbia Pictures Industries. [London] 150 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Panavision. An Open Road—Hugh French presentation. Based
upon My early life: a roving commission, by Winston Churchill. ©
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 20Jul72; LP41644.

YOUR RIGHT TO A HEARING. FilmFair. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 15Nov72; MP23432.

YOU'RE ELECTED, CHARLIE BROWN. United Feature Syndicate. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © United Feature Syndicate, Inc.; 29Oct72; LP41427.

YOUTH, DRUGS, AND SOCIETY: DRUG SYMPTOMS AND FIRST AID. Media Resources,
University of Minnesota. 42 min., sd., color. Videotape (1/2 in.)
Produced & dramatized by Otte M. Boersma, Jr. © University of Minnesota;
5Mar73; MP24055.

YOUTH TAKES OVER. See

  MAYBERRY R.F.D.

YUGOSLAVIA: THE CHALLENGE OF DIVERSITY. McGraw-Hill Films. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Joshua Tree Productions.
Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 13Jul72;
MP23741.


                                   Z

ZERO, THE TROUBLEMAKER. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
21Jun72; MP23404.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

THE ABC OF HAND TOOLS, a motion picture in 2 reels by Walt Disney
Productions. © 5Feb46; M1833. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 21Mar73;
R548631.

ADVENTURE, a photoplay in 14 reels by Loew's. © 8Jan46; L55.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Jan73; R543683.

ADVENTURES IN SOUTH AMERICA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone
Corp. © 30Dec45; M954. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73;
R543332.

AESOP'S FABLE. See

  THE FOX AND THE DUCK.

  THE MOSQUITO.

  THE WATCHDOG.

ALIAS BILLY THE KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
5Apr46; L313. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554199.

ALICE IN JUNGLELAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
17Dec45; M345. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543362.

ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
29Dec45; L47. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543348.

ALONG CAME JONES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Cinema Artists Corp. ©
20Jun45; L13336. United Artists Corp. (PWH); 2Jan73; R543810.

ALONG THE NAVAJO TRAIL, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
© 19Feb46; L319. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554200.

ALONG THE RAINBOW TRAIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 15Feb46; M1091. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73; R551229.

AND THEN THERE WERE NONE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Popular Pictures. ©
27Sep45; L95. Film Archives Co. (PWH); 10Jan73; R543668.

AN ANGEL COMES TO BROOKLYN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
Productions. © 10Nov45; L42. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548949.

ANIMOLOGY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. (Speaking
of animals) © 30Nov45; M16595. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542443.

ARABIANS IN THE ROCKIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
15Dec45; M16597. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72;
R543361.

ARE ANIMALS ACTORS? A photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
29Dec45; L46. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543347.

AS THE TALK OF THE TOWN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. (Speaking of animals) © 18May45; M15959. National Telefilm
Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542434.

ATOMIC VENGEANCE. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 13.

AVALANCHE TRAP. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 2.

AVENGING VISITOR. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 1.


                                   B

BABY BOTTLENECK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
25Dec45; M277. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544510.

BAD BASCOMB, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. © 4Feb46; L149.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Feb73; R545748.

BADMAN'S TERRITORY, a photoplay in 11 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
23Apr46; L366. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May73; R551685.

THE BANDIT OF SHERWOOD FOREST, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia
Pictures Corp. © 21Feb46; L119. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 5Mar73; R547251.

BANDITS OF THE BADLANDS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
© 17Aug45; L13495. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548965.

BATH DAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 30Apr46;
L1123. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 6Jun73; R553324.

BATHING TIME FOR BABY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 19Mar46; M1636. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 9Apr73;
R550317.

BEAR FACTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
5Dec45; M45. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553207.

BEAU TIES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 20Apr45;
L13431. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542418.

BECAUSE OF HIM, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
10Jan46; L24. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553200.

BEDLAM, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 19Apr46; L367.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May73; R551686.

BEER BARREL POLECATS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 10Jan46; L552. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73;
R545211.

BEHIND CITY LIGHTS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
1Aug45; L13485. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548963.

BEHIND THE FOOTLIGHTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 5Apr46; M573. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
(PWH); 26Apr73; R551225.

BEHIND THE MASK, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
1Apr46; L300. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552387.

BELLS OF ST. MARY'S, a photoplay in 14 reels by Rainbow Productions. ©
6Dec45; L81. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542408.

BETRAYED BY A MADMAN. See

  HOP HARRIGAN. Chap. no. 5.

BIKINI—THE ATOM ISLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 10Jun46;
M675. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun73; R553496.

BILLY ROSE'S DIAMOND HORSESHOE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 2May45; L13384. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73; R551230.

A BIRD IN THE HEAD, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
28Feb46; L210. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73;
R547259.

BLITHE SPIRIT, a photoplay in 10 reels by General Film Distributors. ©
14Dec45; L102. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 12Jan73; R543833.

THE BLONDE STAYED ON, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 24Jan46; L517. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73;
R545210.

BLONDIE'S LUCKY DAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
4Apr46; L265. King Features Syndicate, a division of Hearst Corp. (PWH);
16May73; R552012.

BLUE DAHLIA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 5Feb46;
L261. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73;
R548938.

BLUE SIERRA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 25Apr46; L291.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Apr73; R550988.

BLUE WINNERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
23Feb45; M15670. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542429.

BLUNDERBUSS BROADSIDE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 7.

BOMBALERA, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 9Feb45;
L13100. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542410.

BOOBYTRAP RENDEZVOUS. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 10.

BOOGIE WOOGIE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 12Mar45;
L13320. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542414.

BOOK REVUE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 25Dec45;
M156. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543337.

BOUNTIFUL ALASKA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 26Oct45; M146. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551221.

BOY'S RANCH, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 10Apr46; L231.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr73; R549470.

THE BRIDE WORE BOOTS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
14Mar46; L348. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Mar73; R548940.

BUCKBOARD RUNAWAY. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 7.

THE BUILDING OF A TIRE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 14Feb46; M1635. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 21Mar73;
R548630.

BULLET SERENADE. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 8.

THE BURNING JUNGLE. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 5.


                                   C

CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
5Feb46; L105. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554189.

CAMPUS MERMAIDS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 7Sep45;
L13464. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542419.

CANASKA GOLD. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 1.

CANCION DE MEXICO, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic Productions. ©
28Sep45; L13522. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548967.

CANINE CHAMPION, a motion picture in 859 fr. by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The World of sports) © 20Feb46; M382. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73; R547263.

CANINE—FELINE CAPERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
© 27Jul45; M16206. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542439.

CAPTAIN EDDIE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Eureka Pictures. © 1Aug45;
L53. Eureka Pictures, Inc. (PWH); 27Dec72; R543325.

CAPTAIN TUGBOAT ANNIE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
Based on characters created by Norman Reilly Raine. © 17Nov45; L13676.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jul73; R554384.

THE CATMAN OF PARIS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
29Mar46; L312. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554198.

CATNIPPED, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 22Feb46; L192.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73; R547256.

CAVALCADE OF ARCHERY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M116. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543327.

THE CHEROKEE FLASH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
28Nov45; L43. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548950.

CHINA CARRIES ON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 12Oct45; M84. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551218.

CINDERELLA JONES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
9Mar46; L136. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548095.

A CLOSE CALL FOR BOSTON BLACKIE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia
Pictures Corp. © 24Jan46; L120. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 5Feb73; R545206.

CLUNY BROWN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 1Jun46; L477. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Jun73; R553109.

COLOR RHAPSODIES. See

  RIVER RIBBER.

COLORADO PIONEERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
29Oct45; L13627. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548974.

COMANCHE AVALANCHE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 11.

COME OUT FIGHTING, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
26May45; L13531. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 8Jan73; R542560.

COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH) Series 10,
1945/46.

  4. © 20Dec45; M173. 4Jan73; R542821.

  5. © 17Jan46; M337. 5Feb73; R545212.

  6. © 21Feb46; M1047. 5Mar73; R547265.

  7. © 7Mar46; M1048. 5Apr73; R549652.

  8. © 11Apr46; M1049. 19Apr73; R550262.

  9. © 9May46; M1050. 6Jun73; R553270.

CONQUEST OF CHEYENNE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
16Apr46; L343. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554206.

CORNERED, a photoplay in 11 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 14Nov45;
L122. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545419.

CRASH CURVE. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 11.

CRIME OF THE CENTURY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
19Feb46; L344. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554207.

A CRY IN THE NIGHT. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 14.


                                   D

DAFFY DOODLES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M1439. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544515.

DAFFYDILLY DADDY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
25May45; L13481. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542420.

DAKOTA, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic Productions. © 6Nov45;
L13625. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548972.

THE DALTONS RIDE AGAIN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
© 8Nov45; L13643. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553205.

DANGER SHIP. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 6.

DANGER SIGNAL, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
15Dec45; L13710. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72;
R543358.

THE DARK CORNER, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 12Apr46; L393. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551214.

A DATE WITH FATE. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 7.

DAUGHTER OF DON Q, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
reels each. © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap.

  1–6. © 4Jun46; L354. 21Jun73; R554210.

DAYS OF BUFFALO BILL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
19Feb46; L322. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554202.

DAYS OF 76, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M93. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543349.

DEAD MEN FOR DECOYS. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 9.

DEAD OF NIGHT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Ealing Studios. © 9Sep45; L497.
Film Archives Co. (PWH); 21Mar73; R550225.

DEADLINE AT DAWN, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
1Jan46; L255. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545421.

THE DEATH FLOOD. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 2.

DEATH ON THE DIAL. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 7.

DEATH SHIFTS PASSENGERS. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 5.

DEATH TURNS THE WHEEL. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 2.

DEATH WATCH. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 9.

DEATH'S SHINING FACE. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 6.

DERRINGER DEATH. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 10.

THE DEVIL'S MASK, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
23May46; L383. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553265.

DEVOTION, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 20Apr46;
L244. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552386.

THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID, a photoplay in 9 reels by Camden
Productions. © 15Feb46; L172. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
21Jun73; R554191.

DING DONG WILLIAMS, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
31Dec45; L133. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545420.

DIVING ACES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. (The
World of sports) © 30May46; M1088. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 6Jun73; R553271.

DIVING DANDIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 15Mar46; M1090. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551228.

DIXIELAND JAMBOREE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
24Apr46; M594. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552393.

DO YOU LOVE ME? A photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 2May46; L406. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 23May73;
R552608.

DOCTOR OF PAINTINGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 9Oct45; M16424. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553235.

THE DOLLY SISTERS, a photoplay in 13 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 5Oct45; L101. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551212.

DONALD'S DOUBLE TROUBLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. (Donald Duck) © 3Apr46; L336. Walt Disney Productions
(PWH); 7May73; R553714.

DOOM BEYOND THE DOOR. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 9.

DRAGGED UNDER. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 12.

DRAGONWYCK, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 2Apr46; L442. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551216.

DRAWBRIDGE DANGER. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 4.

DRY GRASS DANGER. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 2.

DUMB BELL OF THE YUKON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 5Apr46; L1120. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7May73;
R553715.


                                   E

THE EAGER BEAVER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. (Merrie
melodies) © 30Dec45; M854. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
21May73; R552204.

EASY TO WED, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 12Mar46; L158.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Mar73; R548037.

EDGE OF DANGER. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 10.

THE EL PASO KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
8Apr46; L356. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554212.

ENVIRONMENTAL SANITATION, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 3Apr46; M2728. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7May73;
R553718.

EQUESTRIAN QUIZ, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 7May46; L306.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11May73; R552055.

EXECUTION CHAMBER. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 10.


                                   F

THE FACE OF MARBLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
19Jan46; L223. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548097.

FACING YOUR DANGER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
23Dec45; M639. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543345.

FAITHFUL IN MY FASHION, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 4Jun46;
L357. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jun73; R553144.

FALA AT HYDE PARK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. (A Pete Smith
speciality) © 15Jan46; L86. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73;
R544479.

THE FALCON'S ALIBI, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
1Jan46; L369. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545422.

FALLEN ANGEL, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 7Nov45; L96. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551210.

FAN FARE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 15Jun45;
M16052. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542436.

FASHIONS FOR TOMORROW, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
8Dec45; M16582. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543360.

FATAL MASQUERADE. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 10.

THE FATAL WITNESS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
31Jul45; L13427. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548959.

FATE'S VENGEANCE. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 9.

FEAR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. © 5Jan46; L21.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan73; R545559.

FEDERAL OPERATOR 99. Chap. 7–12. A series of photoplays in 12 reels by
Republic Productions. © 6Jul45; L13463. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73;
R548961.

FIERY DANGER. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 5.

FILM VODVIL, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp. 1
reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 3, 1945/46.

  3. © 13Dec45; M349. 4Jan73; R542822.

  4. © 12Feb46; M1214. 5Mar73; R547266.

  5. © 4Apr46; M1215. 19Apr73; R550264.

FIN'N FEATHERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M514. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543354.

FIRE JET TORTURE. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 8.

FIRST YANK INTO TOKYO, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
12Sep45; L13681. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545416.

FLAME OF THE WEST, a photoplay in 9 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
25Apr45; L13691. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 8Jan73; R542563.

THE FLAMING MOUNTAIN. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 3.

FLAMING SHOWDOWN. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 13.

FOREST COMMANDOS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M117. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543328.

FOX AND CROW. See

  FOXEY FLATFOOTS.

  UNSURE-RUNTS.

THE FOX AND THE DUCK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. (Aesop's
fable) © 24Aug45; L13601. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72;
R543148.

FOXEY FLATFOOTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. (Fox and Crow) ©
11Apr46; L515. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73;
R550259.

FRANK DUCK BRINGS 'EM BACK ALIVE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 20May46; L1127. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553325.

FROM A TO ZOO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures Corp.
(Speaking of animals) © 19Sep45; M6290. National Telefilm Associates,
Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542445.

FROM HAND TO MOUSE, a motion picture in 7 min. by Vitaphone Corp. ©
24Dec45; M298. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543342.

FROM THIS DAY FORWARD, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
22Mar46; L253. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May73; R551684.

FRONTIER DAYS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 8Dec45;
L13701. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543357.

FRONTIER FEUD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
25Oct45; L13653. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 14May73; R552289.

FRONTIER GAL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
29Nov45; L48. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553203.

FRONTIER GUNLAW, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
31Jan46; L266. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73;
R545209.


                                   G

GALLOPING THUNDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
25Apr46; L276. Columbia Picture Industries, Inc. (PWH); 29May73;
R552311.

THE GAME BAG, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
30Mar45; M15775. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542432.

GANDY GOOSE IN THE EXTERMINATOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
23Nov45; L116. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543153.

GANDY GOOSE IN WHO'S WHO IN THE JUNGLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by
Terrytoons. © 19Oct45; L80. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72;
R543151.

GANGS OF THE WATERFRONT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
© 9Jul45; L13377. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548954.

GAY BLADES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 5Mar46;
L453. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554219.

GEM OF THE OCEAN, a motion picture in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
17Apr46; M423. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552390.

THE GENTLEMEN MISBEHAVES (The gentleman misbehaves) A photoplay in 8
reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 28Feb46; L145. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73; R547253.

GET ALONG, LITTLE ZOMBIE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 9May46; L519. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553268.

GILDA, a photoplay in 11 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 19Apr46;
L252. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73; R550256.

GIRL ON THE SPOT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
29Nov45; L49. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553204.

GIRLS AND FLOWERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
27Apr46; M595. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552394.

GIRLS OF THE BIG HOUSE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions.
© 2Sep45; L13521. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548966.

GLIMPSES OF GUATEMALA, a motion picture in 750 ft. by Loew's. © 5Feb46;
M275. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Feb73; R545750.

THE GOD OF CREATION, a motion picture by Irwin A. Moon. © 27Dec45;
M16613. Moody Institute of Science (PWH); 11Jun73; R553890.

GOLDEN HORSES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 26Apr46; M664. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551226.

GOOD OLD CORN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 1Dec45;
L13685. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543355.

GRAVE LAUGHTER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
9Oct45; M16425. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553236.

THE GREAT JOHN L., a photoplay in 10 reels by Bing Crosby Productions. ©
29Jun45; L13348. Film Archives Co. (PWH); 21Mar73; R550224.

THE GREEN YEARS, a photoplay in 15 reels by Loew's. © 10Apr46; L232.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr73; R549471.

GUEST WIFE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Greentree Productions. © 27Jul45;
L13446. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542407.

THE GUILTY ONE. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 15.

GUN TOWN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 29Nov45;
L29. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553202.

GUNNING FOR VENGEANCE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 21Mar46; L275. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549645.

A GUY COULD CHANGE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
11Dec45; L52. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar75; R548952.


                                   H

HAIR RAISING HARE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
29Dec45; M593. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan73; R544859.

HARE REMOVER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 30Dec45;
M1438. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544514.

HARE TONIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 27Dec45;
M297. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543341.

THE HARVEY GIRLS, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 28Dec45; L87.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9Jan73; R543144.

A HATFUL OF DREAMS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
6Jul45; L13397. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542416.

HAWAIIAN MEMORIES, a motion picture in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
27Dec45; M683. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543346.

HEADLINE BANDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M154. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543351.

HELD FOR MURDER. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 3.

HER KIND OF MAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
11May46; L317. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552388.

HERE COMES THE CIRCUS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 31May46; M1100. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. (PWH); 4Jun73; R553112.

THE HICK CHICK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 6Jun46; M697.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jun73; R553147.

HIGH BLOOD PLEASURE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
6Dec45; L76. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542812.

HIMALAYA HORROR. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 1.

HISS AND YELL, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
14Feb46; L194. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73;
R547258.

A HIT WITH A MISS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
13Dec45; L89. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542813.

HITLER LIVES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 28Dec45; L8.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543334.

HOLD THAT BLONDE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
18Oct45; L13687. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Dec72; R543366.

HOLIDAY FOR SHOESTRINGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
(Merrie melodies) © 29Dec45; M234. United Artists Television, Inc.
(PWH); 17Jan73; R544509.

HOLIDAY ON HORSEBACK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M177. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543329.

HOLLYWOOD CANINE CANTEEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
© 29Dec45; M484. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73;
R544512.

HOME ON THE RANGE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
29Mar46; L309. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554195.

THE HOODLUM SAINT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 4Feb46; L128.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Feb73; R545747.

HOP HARRIGAN, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap. no.

  1. A mad mission. © 28Mar46; L281. 5Apr73; R549646.

  2. The secret ray. © 11Apr46; L303. 19Apr73; R550258.

  3. The mystery plane. © 25Apr46; L324. 29May73; R552312.

  4. Plunging peril. © 9May46; L328. 6Jun73; R553260.

  5. Betrayed by a madman. © 23May46; L330. 6Jun73; R553261.

HOTLIP JASPER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 5Jan45;
L13046. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542409.

HOUSE OF DRACULA, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
29Nov45; L28. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553201.

THE HOUSE ON 92ND STREET, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 26Sep45; L45. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
(PWH); 26Apr73; R551209.

HOUSE TRICKS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 2Nov45;
L160. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan73; R544857.

HUMAN BAIT. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 5.

HUSH MY MOUSE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M533. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544513.


                                   I

IN A MUSICAL WAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
(Speaking of animals) © 20Jul45; M16155. National Telefilm Associates,
Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542438.

IN OLD SACRAMENTO, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic Productions. ©
3Apr46; L241. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554194.

IN OLD SANTA FE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M209. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543331.

IN THE PUBLIC EYE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
(Speaking of animals) © 16Mar45; M15746. National Telefilm Associates,
Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542431.

INSIDE DAISY CLOVER, a photoplay in 128 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures &
Park Place Productions. © 31Dec65 (in notice: 1945); L32144. Warner
Bros. Pictures, Inc. & Park Place Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Jun73;
R552901.

INVISIBLE HANDS. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 8.

THE INVISIBLE INFORMER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
© 18Apr46; L423. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554218.

INVITATION TO DANGER. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 1.

ISLE OF TABU, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 9Mar45;
L13233. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542412.

ISLE OF THE DEAD, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures, ©
7Sep45; L13670. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545415.

IT HAPPENED IN SPRINGFIELD, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
30Apr45; L13227. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543335.

IT'S A PLEASURE, a photoplay in 10 reels by International Pictures. ©
28Mar45; L13180. United Artists Corp. (PWH); 2Jan73; R543809.

IT'S IN THE BAG, a photoplay in 9 reels by Manhattan Productions. ©
21Apr45; L13221. National Telefilm. Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R544767.


                                   J

JAN SAVITT & HIS BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
28Dec45; M280. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543339.

JASPER AND THE BEANSTALK, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
19Oct45; L13547. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542422.

JASPER TELL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 23Mar45;
L13186. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542411.

JASPER'S BOOBYTRAPS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
3Aug45; L13422. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542417.

JASPER'S CLOSE SHAVE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
28Sep45; L13523. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542421.

JASPER'S MINSTRELS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
26Mar45; L13291. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542413.

JET PROPULSION, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
15Dec45; M880. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 12Jan73; R543924.

THE JEWELS OF ARZEC. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 15.

JIGGERS, MY WIFE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
29Mar46; L520. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549649.

JOHNNY COMES FLYING HOME, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 21Mar46; L441. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
(PWH); 26Apr73; R551215.

THE JUDGMENT OF RANA. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 14.

JUNGLE CAPERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
29Nov45; M16578. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553239.

JUNGLE QUEEN, a series of photoplays by Universal Pictures Co. 2 reels
each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  1. Invitation to danger. © 5Jan45; L13071. 18Dec72; R542825.

  2. Jungle sacrifice. © 5Jan45; L13072. 18Dec72; R542826.

  3. The flaming mountain. © 5Jan45; L13073. 18Dec72; R542827.

  4. Wildcat stampede. © 5Jan45; L13074. 18Dec72; R542828.

  5. The burning jungle. © 5Jan45; L13075. 18Dec72; R542829.

  6. Danger ship. © 5Jan45; L13076. 18Dec72; R542830.

  7. Trip-wire murder. © 7Feb45; L13155. 18Dec72; R542831.

  8. The mortar bomb. © 7Feb45; L13156. 18Dec72; R542832.

  9. Death watch. © 28Feb45; L13158. 18Dec72; R542833.

  10. Execution chamber. © 28Feb45; L13159. 18Dec72; R542834.

  11. The trail to doom. © 28Feb45; L13160. 18Dec72; R542835.

  12. Dragged under. © 28Feb45; L13161. 18Dec72; R542836.

  13. The secret of the sword. © 28Feb45; L13162. 18Dec72; R542837.

JUNGLE RAIDERS, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2
reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Episode no.

  13. The witch doctor's treachery. © 7Dec45; L298. 4Jan73; R542818.

  14. The judgment of Rana. © 14Dec45; L299. 4Jan73; R542819.

  15. The jewels of Arzec. © 21Dec45; L314. 4Jan73; R542820.

JUNGLE SACRIFICE. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 2.

JUNGLE SMASH UP. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 12.

JUST BEFORE DAWN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
6Mar46; L129. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73; R549639.


                                   K

KILLER AT BAY. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 4.

KING OF THE FOREST RANGERS, a series of photoplays by Republic
Productions. 2 reels each. © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap.

  1–6. © 19Feb46; L341. 21Jun73; R554204.

  7–12. © 8Apr46; L371. 21Jun73; R554214.

KITTY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 16Oct45; L82.
Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 29Dec72; R543367.

KLONDIKE CASANOVA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
1Feb46; L347. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548098.

KONGO-ROO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. (Phantasies) © 18Apr46;
L576. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73; R550261.


                                   L

LAND OF THE MAYAS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 5Feb46; M301.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Feb73; R545749.

THE LAST CROOKED MILE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
16Apr46; L345. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554208.

LAST KEY. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 13.

LEAVE HER TO HEAVEN, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 5Jan46; L579. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551217.

LET'S GO GUNNING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
29Dec45; M418. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543353.

THE LIFE AND DEATH OF COLONEL BLIMP, a photoplay in 12 reels by General
Film Distributors. © 1Jun45; L659. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH);
12Jan73; R543834.

LIFE WITH BLONDIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
13Dec45; L31. King Features Syndicate, a division of Hearst Corp. (PWH);
8Jan73; R543069.

LIGHT IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 3Dec45; M1834. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 12Jan73;
R543925.

LIGHTHOUSE KEEPING, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
15Apr46; L1126. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7May73; R553716.

LIGHTNING UNDERGROUND. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 12.

LITTLE MISTER JIM, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 10May46; L318.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14May73; R552052.

LONESOME LENNY, a play in 1 reel by Loew's. © 26Feb46; L173.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb73; R546908.

LOOKING AT LONDON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 24May46;
M616. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 25May73; R552549.

THE LOOSE NUT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
Walter Lantz Productions. © 26Oct45; M175. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions (PWH); 13Nov72; R543375.

LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE, a series of photoplays by Universal Pictures
Co. 2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH)

  1. Himalaya horror. © 10May46; L460. 11Jun73; R553363.

  2. The death flood. © 10May46; L461. 11Jun73; R553364.

  3. Wave length for doom. © 10May46; L462. 11Jun73; R553365.

  4. The pit of Pendrang. © 10May46; L463. 11Jun73; R553366.

  5. Fiery danger. © 10May46; L464. 11Jun73; R553367.

  6. Death's shining face. © 10May46; L465. 11Jun73; R553368.

  7. Speedboat missing. © 6Jun46; L466. 11Jun73; R553369.

  8. Fire jet torture. © 6Jun46; L472. 11Jun73; R553375.

  9. Zalabar death watch. © 6Jun46; L471. 11Jun73; R553374.

  10. Boobytrap rendezvous. © 6Jun46; L470. 11Jun73; R553373.

  11. Pendrang guillotine. © 6Jun46; L469. 11Jun73; R553372.

  12. Jungle smash up. © 6Jun46; L467. 11Jun73; R553370.

  13. Atomic vengeance. © 6Jun46; L468. 11Jun73; R553371.

THE LOST TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
13Sep45; L13696. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 27Apr73; R551430.

LOST WEEKEND, a photoplay in 11 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 10Aug45;
L13636. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 29Dec72;
R543365.

LOUISIANA SPRINGTIME, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
Century-Fox Film Corp. © 21Dec45; M909. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
(PWH); 26Apr73; R551227.

LOVE, HONOR AND GOODBYE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic
Productions. © 29Aug45; L13525. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548968.

LOVE LETTERS, a photoplay in 11 reels by Hal Wallis Productions. ©
5Jun45; L13292. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Dec72; R543363.

LOVE LETTERS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Hal Wallis Productions. ©
26Oct45; L13566. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Dec72; R543364.


                                   M

A MAD MISSION. See

  HOP HARRIGAN. Chap. no. 1.

THE MADONNA'S SECRET, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
22Jan46; L370. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554213.

MAESTROS OF THE COMICS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
Co. © 5Dec45; M46. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553208.

MAGIC OF YOUTH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 31Aug45; M86. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551219.

MAGICALULU, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 13Apr45;
L13357. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542415.

MAKE MINE MUSIC, a photoplay in 6749 ft. by Walt Disney Productions. ©
7Mar46; L1380. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 9Apr73; R550316.

MAN ALIVE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 19Oct45;
L13669. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545414.

MAN FROM RAINBOW VALLEY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
© 7May46; L422. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554217.

THE MAN IN GREY, a photoplay in 12 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
30Nov45; L23. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 20Feb73; R545775.

THE MAN WHO DARED, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
30May46; L382. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553264.

MAN'S PEST FRIEND, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
30Nov45; L161. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542425.

MARSHALL OF LAREDO, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
8Sep45; L13483. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548962.

MASQUERADE IN MEXICO, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
28Nov45; L111. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Dec72; R543368.

THE MASTER KEY, a series of photoplays by Universal Pictures Co. 2 reels
each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  1. Trapped by flames. © 18Apr45; L13256. 18Dec72; R542838.

  2. Death turns the wheel. © 18Apr45; L13257. 18Dec72; R542839.

  3. Ticket to disaster. © 18Apr45; L13258. 18Dec72; R542840.

  4. Drawbridge danger. © 8May45; L13262. 18Dec72; R542841.

  5. Runaway car. © 8May45; L13263. 18Dec72; R542842.

  6. Shot down. © 8May45; L13264. 18Dec72; R542843.

  7. Death on the dial. © 28May45; L13294. 18Dec72; R542844.

  8. Bullet serenade. © 28May45; L13295. 18Dec72; R542845.

  9. On stage for murder. © 28May45; L13296. 18Dec72; R542846.

  10. Fatal masquerade. © 13Jun45; L13364. 18Dec72; R542847.

  11. Crash curve. © 13Jun45; L13365. 18Dec72; R542848.

  12. Lightning underground. © 13 Jun45; L13366. 18Dec72; R542849.

  13. The last key. © 13Jun45; L13367. 18Dec72; R542850.

MEET ME ON BROADWAY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
14Jan46; L59. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73; R545202.

MELODY STAMPEDE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
8Nov45; L18. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553199.

MEN OF TOMORROW, a motion picture in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M1025. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543333.

MERMAID'S PARADISE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
Corp. (The World of sports) © 20Dec45; M384. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542823.

MERRIE MELODIES. See

  THE EAGER BEAVER.

  HOLIDAY FOR SHOESTRINGS.

MEXICANA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. © 11Oct45;
L13533. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548970.

MICHIGAN SKI DADDLE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
31Dec45; M178. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543330.

MICKEY MOUSE. See

  SQUATTER'S RIGHTS.

MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE WOLF, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
20Jul45; L13448. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543146.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN GYPSY LIFE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
3Aug45; L13447. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543145.

MIGHTY MOUSE IN KRAKATOA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
14Dec45; L153. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543154.

MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS BAD BILL BUNION, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons.
© 9Nov45; L94. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543152.

MILDRED PIERCE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
20Oct45; L73. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543359.

THE MILKY WAIF, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 3May46; L304.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7May73; R552051.

MISS SUSIE SLAGLE'S, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
8Mar46; L139. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Mar73; R548936.

THE MISSION TRAIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 2Apr46; M420.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Apr73; R549807.

MR. MUGGS RIDES AGAIN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
© 4Jun45; L13693. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 9Mar73; R547725.

MR. NOISY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 22Mar46;
L518. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73; R549648.

THE MORTAR BOMB. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 8.

THE MOSQUITO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. (Aesop's fable) ©
29Jun45; L13466. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543147.

MOVIELAND MAGIC, a motion picture in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. ©
26Dec45; M281. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543340.

MURDER IN THE MUSIC HALL, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic
Productions. © 19Feb46; L213. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554192.

MURDER TOBOGGAN. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 5.

MUSCLE MAULERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 31May46; M1022. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Jun73;
R553111.

MUSIC OF THE AMERICAS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
29Dec45; M94. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543350.

MUSICAL MASTERPIECES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 25Apr46; L277.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Apr73; R550987.

MUSICAL SHIPMATES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Vitaphone Corp. © 1Mar46;
L135. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548094.

MY MAN JASPER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 14Dec45;
L6. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542423.

MY REPUTATION, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
26Jan46; L85. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan73; R545560.

MYSTERIOUS INTRUDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Apr46; L251. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73;
R550255.

THE MYSTERY PLANE. See

  HOP HARRIGAN. Chap. no. 3.


                                   N

NASTY QUACKS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M330. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R543352.

NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1 reel
each. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of Hearst Corp. (PWH)

  v. 17, no.

  225. © 5Dec45; M69. 15Jan73; R543892.

  226. © 7Dec45; M70. 15Jan73; R543893.

  227. © 12Dec45; M71. 15Jan73; R543894.

  228. © 14Dec45; M72. 15Jan73; R543895.

  229. © 18Dec45; M157. 15Jan73; R543896.

  230. © 21Dec45; M158. 15Jan73; R543897.

  231. © 26Dec45; M159. 15Jan73; R543898.

  232. © 27Dec45; M160. 15Jan73; R543899.

  233. © 2Jan46; M161. 28Mar73; R548874.

  234. © 4Jan46; M162. 28Mar73; R548875.

  235. © 9Jan46; M163. 28Mar73; R548876.

  236. © 11Jan46; M164. 28Mar73; R548877.

  237. © 16Jan46; M235. 28Mar73; R548878.

  238. © 18Jan46; M236. 28Mar73; R548879.

  239. © 23Jan46; M237. 28Mar73; R548880.

  240. © 25Jan46; M238. 28Mar73; R548881.

  241. © 30Jan46; M239. 28Mar73; R548882.

  242. © 1Feb46; M240. 28Mar73; R548883.

  243. © 6Feb46; M291. 28Mar73; R548884.

  244. © 8Feb46; M292. 28Mar73; R548885.

  245. © 13Feb46; M293. 28Mar73; R548886.

  246. © 15Feb46; M294. 28Mar73; R548887.

  247. © 20Feb46; M295. 28Mar73; R548888.

  248. © 22Feb46; M296. 28Mar73; R548889.

  249. © 27Feb46; M523. 28Mar73; R548890.

  250. © 1Mar46; M524. 12Apr73; R549962.

  251. © 6Mar46; M525. 12Apr73; R549963.

  252. © 8Mar46; M526. 12Apr73; R549964.

  253. © 13Mar46; M527. 12Apr73; R549965.

  254. © 15Mar46; M528. 12Apr73; R549966.

  255. © 20Mar46; M529. 12Apr73; R549967.

  256. © 22Mar46; M530. 12Apr73; R549968.

  257. © 27Mar46; M531. 12Apr73; R549969.

  258. © 29Mar46; M532. 12Apr73; R549970.

  259. © 3Apr46; M537. 7May73; R551798.

  260. © 5Apr46; M538. 7May73; R551799.

  261. © 10Apr46; M565. 7May73; R551800.

  262. © 12Apr46; M566. 7May73; R551801.

  263. © 17Apr46; M567. 7May73; R551802.

  264. © 19Apr46; M568. 7May73; R551803.

  265. © 24Apr46; M610. 7May73; R55l804.

  266. © 26Apr46; M611. 7May73; R551805.

  267. © 1May46; M612. 8Jun73; R553593.

  268. © 3May46; M613. 8Jun73; R553594.

  269. © 8May46; M614. 8Jun73; R553595.

  270. © 10May46; M615. 8Jun73; R553596.

  271. © 15May46; M653. 8Jun73; R553597.

  272. © 17May46; M654. 8Jun73; R553598.

  273. © 22May46; M687. 8Jun73; R553599.

  274. © 24May46; M688. 8Jun73; R553600.

  275. © 29May46; M763. 8Jun73; R553601.

  276. © 31May46; M764. 8Jun73; R553602.

NIGHT EDITOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
18Apr46; L282. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73;
R550257.

NIGHT TRAIL DANGER. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 11.

NIGHT TRAIN TO MEMPHIS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions.
© 18Apr46; L346. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554209.

THE NOTORIOUS LONE WOLF, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 14Feb46; L144. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73;
R547252.


                                   O

ON STAGE FOR MURDER. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 9.

ONE EXCITING WEEK, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
8Apr46; L421. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R5542l6.

ONE WAY TO LOVE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Dec45; L32. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542809.

ORE CAR ACCIDENT. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 6.

OREGON TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. © 11Jul45;
L13376. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548953.

OUR OLD CAR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 6May46; L305.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11May73; R552054.

OUT FISHIN', a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
26Jan45; M15646. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542428.

OUT OF THE DEPTHS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
23Dec45; L33. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542810.


                                   P

PADDLE YOUR OWN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
9Nov45; M16492. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542442.

PARAMOUNT NEWS, a series of newsreels by Paramount Pictures. 1 reel
each. © Major News Library (PWH)

  1945/46.

  29. © 8Dec45; M15. 27Dec72; R542783.

  30. © 12Dec45; Ml6. 27Dec72; R542784.

  31. © 15Dec45; M219. 27Dec72; R542785.

  32. © 19Dec45; M220. 27Dec72; R542786.

  33. © 22Dec45; M221. 27Dec72; R542787.

  34. © 26Dec45; M222. 27Dec72; R542788.

  35. © 29Dec45; M233. 15Jan73; R544401.

  36. © 2Jan46; M224. 5Feb73; R545188.

  37. © 5Jan46; M225. 5Feb73; R545189.

  38. © 9Jan46; M226. 5Feb73; R545190.

  39. © 12Jan46; M227. 5Feb73; R545191.

  40. © 16Jan46; M228. 5Feb73; R545192.

  41. © 19Jan46; M229. 5Feb73; R545193.

  42. © 23Jan46; M230. 5Feb73; R545194.

  43. © 26Jan46; M231. 5Feb73; R545195.

  44. © 30Jan46; M232. 5Feb73; R545196.

  45. © 2Feb46; M403. 5Feb73; R545197.

  46. © 6Feb46; M404. 21Feb73; R546855.

  47. © 9Feb46; M405. 21Feb73; R546856.

  48. © 13Feb46; M406. 21Feb73; R546857.

  49. © 16Feb46; M407. 21Feb73; R546858.

  50. © 20Feb46; M408. 27Feb73; R546859.

  51. © 23Feb46; M409. 27Feb73; R546860.

  52. © 27Feb46; M410. 27Feb73: R546861.

  53. © 2Mar46; M411. 8Mar73: R547572.

  54. © 6Mar46; M412. 8Mar73; R547573.

  55. © 9Mar46; M413. 9Mar73; R547574.

  56. © 13Mar46; M4i4. 27Mar73; R550230.

  57. © 16Mar46; M415. 21Mar73; R550226.

  58. © 20Mar46; M416. 21Mar73; R550227.

  59. © 23Mar46; M577. 27Mar73; R550231.

  60. © 27Mar46; M578. 29Mar73; R550229.

  61. © 30Mar46; M579. 6Apr73; R550234.

  62. © 3Apr46; M580. 6Apr73; R550235.

  63. © 6Apr46; M581. 10Apr73; R550232.

  64. © 10Apr46; M582. 10Apr73; R550233.

  65. © 13Apr46; M583. 17Apr73; R550064.

  66. © 17Apr46; M584. 20Apr73; R550817.

  67. © 20Apr46; M585. 24Apr73; R550816.

  68. © 24Apr46; M586. 26Apr73; R550850.

  69. © 27Apr46; M587. 1May73; R551539.

  70. © 1May46; M588. 1May73; R551540.

  71. © 4May46; M602. 22Jun73; R554112.

  72. © 8May46; M603. 22Jun73; R554113.

  73. © 11May46; M608. 22Jun73; R554114.

  74. © 15May46; M609. 22Jun73; R554115.

  75. © 18May46; M655. 22Jun73; R554116.

  76. © 22May46; M656. 22Jun73; R554117.

  77. © 25May46; M681. 22Jun73; R554118.

  78. © 29May46; M682. 22Jun73; R554119.

  79. © 1Jun46; M713. 22Jun73; R554120.

  80. © 5Jun46; M714. 22Jun73; R554121.

  81. © 8Jun46; M768. 22Jun73; R554122.

  82. © 12Jun46; M769. 22Jun73; R554123.

  83. © 15Jun46; M822. 22Jun73; R554124.

PARIS UNDERGROUND, a photoplay in 10 reels by Constance Bennett
Productions. © 14Sep45; L13477. Film Archives Co. (PWH); 21Mar73;
R549003.

PASSKEY TO DANGER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
18Apr46; L321. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554201.

PEEKS AT HOLLYWOOD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
27Dec45; M155. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543336.

PEEP IN THE DEEP, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
15Mar46; L350. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548099.

PENDRANG GUILLOTINE. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 11.

PERILOUS HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
21Mar46; L250. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549642.

PETE SMITH SPECIALITY. See

  FALA AT HYDE PARK.

PHANTASIES. See

  KONGO-ROO.

PHANTOM OF THE PLAINS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
16Aug45; L13494. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548964.

THE PHANTOM RIDER, a series of photoplays by Republic Productions. 2
reels each. © Repix, Inc. (PWH)

  Chap.

  1–6. © 26Oct45; L13678. 29Mar73; R548977.

  7–12. © 8Jan46; L106. 21Jun73; R554190.

THE PHANTOM THIEF, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
2May46; L392. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73; R553266.

PINS AND CUSHIONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 1Feb46; M360. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551223.

THE PIT OF PENDRANG. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 4.

PLANNING FOR GOOD EATING; a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
Productions. © 3Apr46; M2726. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7May73;
R553717.

THE PLUNGE OF DOOM. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 6.

PLUNGING PERIL. See

  HOP HARRIGAN. Chap. no. 4.

POLAR PLAYMATES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 25Apr46; L551.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 29May73; R552313.

THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. ©
6Mar46; L146. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Mar73; R547668.

THE PURPLE MONSTER STRIKES. Chap.1–6. A series of photoplays in 13 reels
by Republic Productions. © 3Aug45; L13462. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73;
R548960.

THE PURPLE MONSTER STRIKES. Chap.7–15. A series of photoplays in 9 reels
by Republic Productions. © 11Oct45; L13532. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73;
R548969.


                                   Q

QUEER BIRDS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
28Sep45; M744. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553234.

QUENTIN QUAIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 29Dec45;
M279. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544511.


                                   R

RAILROAD RESCUE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 3.

RAINBOW OVER TEXAS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
18Apr46; L372. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554215.

THE RANDOLPH FAMILY, a photoplay in 9 reels by English Films. © 15Jun45;
L13319. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 20Feb73; R545774.

RASSLIN' ROMEOS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
(The World of sports) © 24Jan46; M383. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73; R545213.

REDDY MADE MAGIC, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walter Lantz. © 25Mar46;
L400. Ashton B. Collins (PWH); 25May73; R552369.

RENDEZVOUS 24, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 21May46; L394. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 23May73;
R552607.

RHYTHM ON ICE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 15Apr46;
M485. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552391.

RIDERS OF THE DAWN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
21Oct45; L13602. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 15May73; R552484.

RIDING TO OBLIVION. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 11.

RIVER ON FIRE. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 3.

RIVER RIBBER, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. (Color Rhapsodies) ©
5Apr46; L550. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73;
R550260.

RIVERBOAT RHYTHM, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
31Jan46; L134. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May73; R551683.

ROAD TO ALCATRAZ, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
10Jul45; L13379. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548955.

ROAD TO UTOPIA, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 22Mar46;
L159. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73;
R548937.

ROARING RANGERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
14Feb46; L274. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73;
R547262.

ROUGH RIDERS OF CHEYENNE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
Productions. © 17Oct45; L13628. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548975.

THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN, a series of photoplays by Universal
Pictures Co. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  1. Canaska gold. © 25Oct45; L60. 18Dec72; R542851.

  2. The avalanche trap. © 25Oct45; L61. 18Dec72; R542852.

  3. River on fire. © 25Oct45; L62. 18Dec72; R542853.

  4. Skyline target. © 25Oct45; L63. 18Dec72; R542854.

  5. Murder toboggan. © 11Dec45; L64. 18Dec72; R542855.

  6. Ore car accident. © 11Dec45; L65. 18Dec72; R542856.

  7. Buckboard runaway. © 11Dec45; L66. 18Dec72; R542857.

  8. Thundering water. © 11Dec45; L67. 18Dec72; R542858.

  9. Dead men for decoys. © 11Dec45; L68. 18Dec72; R542859.

  10. Derringer death. © 11Dec45; L69. 18Dec72; R542860.

  11. Night trail danger. © 13Dec45; L70. 18Dec72; R542861.

  12. Twenty dollar doublecross. © 13Dec45; L71. 18Dec72; R542862.

  13. Flaming showdown. © 13Dec45; L72. 18Dec72; R542863.

RUNAWAY CAR. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 5.

RUNNING THE TEAM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
14Dec45; M170. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542444.


                                   S

SADDLE SERENADE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
3Aug45; L13697. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 27Apr73; R551429.

SAN ANTONIO, a photoplay in 111 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 5Jan46;
L9. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 30Jan73; R545558.

SARATOGA TRUNK, a photoplay in 14 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
30Mar46; L188. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552385.

THE SCARLET HORSEMAN, a series of photoplays by Universal Pictures Co. 2
reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  1. Scarlet for a champion. © 30Jan46; L195. 26Mar73; R548584.

  2. Dry grass danger. © 30Jan46; L196. 26Mar73; R548585.

  3. Railroad rescue. © 30Jan46; L197. 26Mar73; R548586.

  4. Staked plains stampede. © 30Jan46; L198. 26Mar73; R548587.

  5. Death shifts passengers. © 27Feb46; L199. 26Mar73; R548588.

  6. Stop that stage. © 27Feb46; L200. 26Mar73; R548589.

  7. Blunderbuss broadside. © 27Feb46; L201. 26Mar73; R548590.

  8. Scarlet doublecross. © 27Feb46; L202. 26Mar73; R548591.

  9. Doom beyond the door. © 27Feb46; L203. 26Mar73; R548592.

  10. The edge of danger. © 21Mar46; L204. 26Mar73; R548593.

  11. Comanche avalanche. © 21Mar46; L205. 26Mar73; R548594.

  12. Staked plains massacre. © 21Mar46; L206. 26Mar73; R548595.

  13. Scarlet showdown. © 21Mar46; L207. 26Mar73; R548596.

SCOTLAND YARD INVESTIGATOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
Productions. © 21Sep45; L13534. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548971.

SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Series 25, 1945/46.

  4. © 13Dec45; M385. 4Jan73; R542824.

  5. Thrills 'n' spills. © 17Jan46; M1649. 5Feb73; R545214.

  6. © 15Feb46; M980. 5Mar73; R547264.

  7. © 15Mar46; M1004. 5Apr73; R549651.

  8. © 25Apr46; M981. 29May73; R552315.

  9. © 23May46; M1014. 6Jun73; R553269.

SEA SIRENS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 10May46; M572. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 23May73;
R552610.

THE SEARCHING WIND, a photoplay in 12 reels by Hal Wallis Productions. ©
3May46; L278. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
8Jun73; R553113.

SECRET MISSION, a photoplay in 8 reels by English Films. © 4Jan45;
L13210. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 29Dec72; R544970.

SECRET OF THE SWORD. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 13.

THE SECRET RAY. See

  HOP HARRIGAN. Chap. no. 2.

SENTIMENTAL JOURNEY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 21Feb46; L363. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551213.

SERVICE WITH A GUILE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
21Dec45; L262. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan73; R544858.

THE SHADOW RETURNS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
31Jan46; L137. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548096.

SHERIFF OF REDWOOD VALLEY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
Productions. © 29Mar46; L311. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554197.

SHOT DOWN. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 6.

SING YOUR WAY HOME, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
14Nov45; L1. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545418.

SKI ACES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 21Sep45; M145. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551220.

SKYLINE TARGET. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 4.

SMART AS A FOX, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 28Apr46;
M515. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 17May73; R552392.

SNAP HAPPY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. © 22Jun45; L83.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542424.

SNOW EAGLES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. © 21Dec45;
M344. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543343.

SOMEWHERE IN THE NIGHT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 29May46; L533. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
4Jun73; R553110.

SONG OF MEXICO, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
28Nov45; L13675. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548976.

SONG OF SUNSHINE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 7Dec45; M361. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R531224.

SOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures
Corp. © 25Aug45; L13702. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 27Apr73;
R551428.

THE SPANISH MAIN, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
29Sep45; L13682. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545417.

SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. See

  ANIMOLOGY.

  AS THE TALK OF THE TOWN.

  FROM A TO ZOO.

  IN A MUSICAL WAY.

  IN THE PUBLIC EYE.

  WHO'S WHO IN ANIMAL LAND.

SPECTER OF THE ROSE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Republic Productions. ©
4Jun46; L355. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554211.

SPEEDBOAT MISSING. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 7.

THE SPIDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
1Nov45; L97. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73; R551211.

SPOOK TO ME, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
27Dec45; L90. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542814.

SPRINGTIME FOR THOMAS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 14Mar46; L167.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar73; R548344.

SPRINGTIME IN TEXAS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
21May45; L13694. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 8Jan73; R542562.

SQUATTER'S RIGHTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions.
(Mickey Mouse) © 21Mar46; L335. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 9Apr73;
R550314.

STAKED PLAINS MASSACRE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 12.

STAKED PLAINS STAMPEDE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 4.

STATE FAIR, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
© 29Aug45; L16. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 26Apr73;
R551208.

STOP THAT STAGE. See

  THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. 6.

THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal
Pictures Co. © 14Aug45; L13436. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
(PWH); 3Jan73; R542406.

STRANGE HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Elite Pictures. © 30Jul45;
L13475. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554188.

STRANGE TRIANGLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
Corp. © 17May46; L478. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 23May73;
R552609.

STUDIO VISIT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 7May46; M554.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11May73; R552056.

SUN VALLEY CYCLONE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
8Apr46; L323. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554203.

SUNBONNET SUE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
25Oct45; L13662. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 14May73; R552290.

SWING HIGH, SWING SWEET, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures
Co. © 29Nov45; L13688. Universal Pictures (PWH); 8Jun73; R553206.

SWINGIN' ON A RAINBOW, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
27Jul45; L13424. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548957.

SWOONING THE SWOONERS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 14Sep45;
L25. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543150.


                                   T

TALK ABOUT A LADY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
28Mar46; L264. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549643.

THE TANK OF TERROR. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 12.

TARS AND SPARS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
11Jan46; L34. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Feb73; R545201.

TELL IT TO A STAR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
30Jul45; L13426. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548958.

TEXAS PANHANDLE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
20Dec45; L58. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R542811.

THAT TEXAS JAMBOREE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
16May46; L374. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553263.

THEY MET IN THE DARK, a photoplay in 12 reels by English Films. ©
12Jun45; L13311. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 20Feb73; R545773.

THREE STRANGERS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
16Feb46; L103. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 16Mar73; R548093.

THE THREE TROUBLEDOERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 25Apr46; L553. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
29May73; R552314.

THREE WISE FOOLS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 13Jun46; L384.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Jun73; R553495.

THRILLS 'N' SPILLS. See

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. Series 25, 1945/46. 5.

THROW A SADDLE ON A STAR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
Corp. © 14Mar46; L249. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549641.

THUNDERING WATER. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 8.

TICKET TO DISASTER. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 3.

THE TIGER WOMAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
2Oct45; L13626. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548973.

TIMBERLAND ATHLETES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
Corp. (The World of sports) © 18Apr46; M1O87. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Apr73; R550263.

TIME OUT FOR PLAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
Film Corp. © 16Nov45; M350. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
26Apr73; R551222.

TOMORROW IS FOREVER, a photoplay in 11 reels by International Pictures.
© 31Dec45; L124. United Artists Corp. (PWH); 2Jan73; R543811.

TOO YOUNG TO KNOW, a photoplay in 9 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
1Dec45; L13686. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 20Dec72; R543356.

TRAFFIC IN CRIME, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
14May46; L342. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554205.

TRAIL OF KIT CARSON, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
5Jul45; L13380. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548956.

TRAIL TO DOOM. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 11.

TRAP HAPPY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 6Jun46; L359.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jun73; R553146.

TRAPPED BY FLAMES. See

  THE MASTER KEY. 1.

TREASURES FROM TRASH, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 4Jun46; L358.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Jun73; R553145.

TRIP-WIRE MURDER. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 7.

TROUBLE CHASERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
16May45; L13692. Allied Artists Pictures Corp. (PWH); 8Jan73; R542561.

THE TRUTH ABOUT MURDER, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
18Apr46; L38O. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 3May73; R551687.

TWENTY DOLLAR DOUBLECROSS. See

  THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. 12.

TWO FISTED STRANGER, a photoplay in 5 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
30May46; L373. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553262.

TWO SISTERS FROM BOSTON, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 26Feb46;
L127. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Feb73; R546907.

TWO SMART PEOPLE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 10Apr46; L230.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Apr73; R549469.


                                   U

UNCIVIL WAR BIRDS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
29Mar46; L554. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Apr73;
R549650.

THE UNDERCOVER WOMAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
19Mar46; L214. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554193.

UNDER WATER SPEAR FISHING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
© 27Dec45; M569. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73; R543344.

UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
Pictures (PWH)

  v. 18, no.

    441. © 16Oct45; M16555. 13Nov72; R543370.

    442. © 18Oct45; M16556. 13Nov72; R543371.

    443. © 23Oct45; M16557. 13Nov72; R543372.

    444. © 25Oct45; M16558. 13Nov72; R543373.

    445. © 30Oct45; M16559. 13Nov72; R543374.

    446. © 1Nov43; M16550. 8Jun73; R553237.

    447. © 6Nov45; M16551. 8Jun73; R553238.

    448. © 8Nov45; M47. 8Jun73; R553209.

    449. © 13Nov45; M48. 8Jun73; R553210.

    450. © 15Nov45; M49. 8Jun73; R553211.

    451. © 20Nov45; M50. 8Jun73; R553212.

    452. © 22Nov45; M51. 8Jun73; R553213.

    453. © 27Nov45; M52. 8Jun73; R553214.

    454. © 29Nov45; M75. 8Jun73; R553215.

    455. © 4Dec45; M76. 8Jun73; R553216.

    456. © 6Dec45; M77. 8Jun73; R553217.

    457. © 11Dec45; M78. 8Jun73; R553218.

    458. © 13Dec45; M79. 8Jun73; R553219.

    459. © 18Dec45; M80. 8Jun73; R553220.

    460. © 20Dec45; M81. 8Jun73; R553221.

    461. © 25Dec45; M82. 8Jun73; R553222.

    462. © 27Dec45; M83. 8Jun73; R553223.

    463. © 2Jan46; M125. 8Jun73; R553224.

  v. 19, no.

    464. © 3Jan46; M126. 8Jun73; R553225.

    465. © 8Jan46; M165. 8Jun73; R553226.

    466. © 10Jan46; M166. 8Jun73; R553227.

    467. © 15Jan46; M167. 8Jun73; R553228.

    468. © 17Jan46; M168. 8Jun73; R553229.

    469. © 22Jan46; M312. 8Jun73; R553230.

    470. © 24Jan46; M313. 8Jun73; R553231.

    471. © 29Jan46; M314. 8Jun73; R553232.

    472. © 31Jan46; M315. 8Jun73; R553233.

UNKNOWN KILLER. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 10.

UNKNOWN STRIKES. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 2.

UNSURE-RUNTS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. (A Fox and crow) ©
16May46; L516. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 6Jun73;
R553267.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 4–2, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 12Jan45; M15603. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542427.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 4–3, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 9Mar45; M15738. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542430.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 4–4, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 8May45; M15960. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542435.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 4–5, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 13Jul45; M16128. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542437.

UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS L 4–6, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. © 14Sep45; M16295. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
3Jan73; R542440.


                                   V

VALLEY OF THE ZOMBIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
29Mar46; L310. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 21Jun73; R554196.

THE VIRGINIAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 29Jan46;
L316. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Feb73;
R545561.

VISITING VERA CRUZ, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 14Mar46;
M287. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Mar73; R548345.


                                   W

WAGON WHEELS WESTWARD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
11Dec45; L44. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 29Mar73; R548951.

WANDERER OF THE WASTELAND, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
© 28Sep45; L13668. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan73; R545413.

THE WATCHDOG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. (Aesop's fable) ©
28Sep45; L13617. Viacom International, Inc. (PWH); 26Dec72; R543149.

WAVE LENGTH FOR DOOM. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 3.

THE WELL GROOMED BRIDE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
7Feb46; L327. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
29Mar73; R548939.

WET PAINT, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. © 18Mar46;
L1125. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 9Apr73; R550315.

WHAT A PICNIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures, Inc. ©
7Sep45; M16377. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542441.

WHEN THE WIFE'S AWAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
© 1Feb46; L193. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar73;
R547257.

WHITE RHAPSODY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
4May45; M15918. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73;
R542433.

WHITE TERROR. See

  WHO'S GUILTY. Episode no. 13.

WHO'S GUILTY? A series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2 reels
each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

  Episode no.

  1. Avenging visitor. © 13Dec45; L107. 4Jan73; R542815.

  2. The unknown strikes. © 20Dec45; L108. 4Jan73; R542816.

  3. Held for murder. © 27Dec45; L109. 4Jan73; R542817.

  4. A killer at bay. © 3Jan46; L110. 5Feb73; R545203.

  5. Human bait. © 1OJan46; L112. 5Feb73; R545204.

  6. The plunge of doom. © 17Jan46; L118. 5Feb73; R545205.

  7. A date with fate. © 24Jan46; L141. 5Feb73; R545207.

  8. Invisible hands. © 31Jan46; L148. 5Feb73; R545208.

  9. Fate's vengeance. © 7Feb46; L164. 5Mar73; R547254.

  10. The unknown killer. © 14Feb46; L187. 5Mar73; R547255.

  11. Riding to oblivion. © 21Feb46; L217. 5Mar73; R547260.

  12. The tank of terror. © 28Feb46; L225. 5Mar73; R547261.

  13. White terror. © 7Mar46; L242. 5Apr73; R549640.

  14. A cry in the night. © 14Mar46; L273. 5Apr73; R549644.

  15. The guilty one. © 21Mar46; L289. 5Apr73; R549647.

WHO'S WHO IN ANIMAL LAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
Pictures. (Speaking of animals) © 19Jan45; M15594. National Telefilm
Associates, Inc. (PWH); 3Jan73; R542426.

WILDCAT STAMPEDE. See

  JUNGLE QUEEN. 4.

THE WITCH DOCTOR'S TREACHERY. See

  JUNGLE RAIDERS. Episode no. 13.

WITH ROD AND GUN IN CANADA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone
Corp. © 27Dec45; M278. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Jan73;
R543338.

WONDER MAN, a photoplay in 12 reels by Beverly Productions. © 8Jun45;
L13339. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 1Mar73; R547054.

WORLD OF SPORTS. See

  CANINE CHAMPION.

  DIVING ACES.

  MERMAID'S PARADISE.

  RASSLIN' ROMEOS.

  TIMBERLAND ATHLETES.


                                   Y

A YANK IN LONDON, a photoplay in 12 reels by Associated British Picture
Corp. © 15May45; L620. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 27Dec72;
R543326.


                                   Z

ZALABAR DEATH WATCH. See

  LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. 9.

ZIEGFELD FOLLIES, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 15Jan46; L78.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Jan73; R544480.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).

                                   A

 ABC Media Concepts.
   THE CITY: WHO NEEDS IT.
   A SPECIAL KIND OF PRIDE.

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN.
   THE ANCIENT GAMES.

 ACI Productions, Inc.
   STITCHERY.

 ARC/Target Film Productions.
   SEE Advertising Research Communicators/Target Film Productions.

 AT&T.
   SEE American Telephone & Telegraph Co.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Acrobatic Muffin Works, West, Inc.
   GET TO KNOW YOUR RABBIT.

 Adam–12 Productions.
   ADAM–12.

 Adastra Film Productions, Ltd.
   THE JOKERS.

 Advertising Research Communicators/Target Film Productions.
   THE LITTLE SCOTCHMAN IRONWORKER.

 Aircraft Owners & Pilots Assn.
   GEAR UP FOR POPULATION BALANCE.

 Albert, Marvin.
   ARGIOPE CALLIOPE.

 Albert (Marvin) Films.
   ARGIOPE CALLIOPE.
   LITTLE FOREST.

 Alfa Cinematografica, S.R.L.
   DEATH IN VENICE.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corp.
   COME OUT FIGHTING. (R)
   FLAME OF THE WEST. (R)
   FRONTIER FEUD. (R)
   THE LOST TRAIL. (R)
   MR. MUGGS RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE DAWN. (R)
   SADDLE SERENADE. (R)
   SOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   SPRINGTIME IN TEXAS. (R)
   SUNBONNET SUE. (R)
   TROUBLE CHASERS. (R)

 Allstate Insurance Co.
   CONTROL.
   A FORMULA FOR TRAFFIC SURVIVAL.
   LIMITED ACCESS.

 Allstate Insurance Co. Driver Education & Training Divisions.
   CONTROL.
   A FORMULA FOR TRAFFIC SURVIVAL.
   LIMITED ACCESS.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   WHAT'S SO IMPORTANT ABOUT A WHEEL.

 American Bankers Assn.
   CHECKS: WHAT TO CASH.
   CHECKS: WHEN TO CASH.
   HOLDUPS: WHAT TO DO.

 American Bankers Assn. American Institute of Banking.
   CHECKS: WHAT TO CASH.
   CHECKS: WHEN TO CASH.
   HOLDUPS: WHAT TO DO.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   CHILDREN IN PERIL.
   THE CITY: WHO NEEDS IT.
   OCEANS: THE SILENT CRISIS.
   A SPECIAL KIND OF PRIDE.
   THE YOUNG CONVICTS: PRISON IN THE STREETS.

 American College of Physicians.
   ENDOTRACHEAL INTUBATION.
   TRACHEOSTOMY.
   VENOUS CUTDOWN.

 American Federation of Arts.
   SAME SUBJECT, DIFFERENT TREATMENT.

 American Guide Films, Inc.
   JACK NICKLAUS ON GOLF.

 American Institute of Banking, American Bankers Assn.
   SEE American Bankers Assn. American Institute of Banking.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   SLAUGHTER.
   THE THING WITH TWO HEADS.
   UNHOLY ROLLERS.

 American International Productions.
   BLACULA.

 American International Productions (England) Ltd.
   DR. PHIBES RISES AGAIN.
   WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO.

 American Management Assn., Inc.
   GETTING STAFF ASSIGNMENTS DONE THROUGH OTHERS.
   GIVE CHANGE A CHANCE.
   GROUP EXERCISES.
   HOW RIGHT FOR THE JOB: FACTORY VERSION.
   HOW RIGHT FOR THE JOB: OFFICE VERSION.
   HOW TO FOLLOW THROUGH ON AN ASSIGNMENT.
   INTERVIEW.
   THE INVITATION: WHAT WOULD YOU DO? & THE PLAN: WHAT WOULD YOU DO.
   THE MANAGER'S OPERATING REALITIES.
   THE MANAGER'S OPERATING RESPONSIBILITIES.
   OBSERVATION.
   OVERVIEW.
   SHORT OVERVIEW.
   THEY'RE ALWAYS CHANGING: THREE OUTLOOKS.
   THREE MANAGERIAL STYLES.
   WHILE YOU WERE OUT.
   WHY COMMUNICATION GOES WRONG.

 American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
   ABOUT A CENTURY.

 Amoco Chemicals Corp.
   NO LEAK LININGS.

 Apjac Productions, Inc.
   CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Apollo Film.
   LE SAUT DE L'ANGE.

 Applied Learning Associates.
   DISCUSS FORMAL CORRECTIVE ACTION WITH AN EMPLOYEE.
   DISCUSSING PERSONAL WORK HABITS WITH AN EMPLOYEE.
   HANDLING A COMPLAINING EMPLOYEE.
   HELPING AN EMPLOYEE TO LEARN THE JOB.
   MEETING AN EMPLOYEE NEW TO YOUR SECTION.
   MOTIVATING THE POOR PERFORMER.
   OVERCOMING RESISTANCE TO CHANGE.
   RECOGNIZING THE AVERAGE EMPLOYEE.
   REDUCING ABSENTEEISM AMONG DISADVANTAGED EMPLOYEES.
   REDUCING TURNOVER WITH DISADVANTAGED EMPLOYEE.

 Arel, Paul N.
   ART OF THE ANCIENTS.

 Arena Productions, Inc.
   THE HELICOPTER SPIES.
   HOW TO STEAL THE WORLD.
   MARRIAGE: YEAR ONE.

 Armstrong (W. T.) Co., Inc.
   FLUTE PLAYING: A STUDY WITH MARK THOMAS.

 Ashland Productions.
   GOMER PYLE—USMC.

 Assemble Mondial de la Jeunesse.
   SOBRE UN VOLCAN.

 Associated British Picture Corp., Ltd.
   A YANK IN LONDON. (R)

 Association for the Protection of the Adirondacks.
   OF RIVERS AND MEN.

 Association-Sterling Films.
   DAWN OVER ECUADOR.

 Astor Pictures Corp.
   THE ROAD TO HOLLYWOOD.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   A MEXICAN-AMERICAN FAMILY.

 Audio-Visual Education Center, University of Michigan.
   SEE University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio-Visual Education Center.

 Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.
   THE RULING CLASS.


                                   B

 BNA Films.
   CD_2 FORMULA FOR SUCCESS IN SELLING.
   CHECKS: WHAT TO CASH.
   CHECKS: WHEN TO CASH.
   HOLDUPS: WHAT TO DO.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING.

 BNA, Inc.
   SEE Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.

 Barnes, Peter.
   THE RULING CLASS.

 Bay State Film Productions, Inc.
   BLOOD-GLUCOSE ESTIMATION (FOLIN-WU METHOD)
   BLOOD TYPING: ABO AND RH: SLIDE METHOD.
   BLOOD UREA NITROGEN (GEUTZOW MODIFIED METHOD)
   COLLISION DYNAMICS OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS.
   CROSS MATCHING OF BLOOD.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: COGNITION.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: INFANCY.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: LANGUAGE.
   DIFFERENTIAL BLOOD COUNT.
   ENUMERATION.
   ERYTHROCYTE SEDIMENTATION RATE AND THE HEMATOCRIT.
   FIRE PROTECTION VALVE SUPERVISION.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: ARTICULATION.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: LANGUAGE.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: STUTTERING.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: VOICE AND RESONANCE.
   INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT.
   KIDNEY FUNCTION TEST: PHENOLSULFONEPHTHALEIN.
   METHODS OF OBTAINING BLOOD.
   PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD.
   PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE FECES.
   PREGNANCY TESTS.
   SEROLOGICAL TEST (VDRL TEST) TESTS FOR HEMOGLOBIN.
   URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR BILE.
   URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR OCCULT BLOOD.
   URINALYSIS: MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION OF SEDIMENT.
   URINALYSIS: PHYSICAL EXAMINATION.
   URINALYSIS: REDUCING SUBSTANCES—GLUCOSE.
   URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR KETONES AND DIACETIC ACID.
   URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR PROTEIN.

 Beasley, Keith.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   FRIENDS.

 Belford Productions, Inc.
   DANGEROUS RELATIONS.

 Bell (Clark) Films.
   WATER IN THE WILDERNESS.

 Bell, James Ford.
   DANGEROUS RELATIONS.

 Beneficial Corp.
   [BENEFICIAL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Bennett (Constance) Productions, Inc.
   PARIS UNDERGROUND. (R)

 Beta Film Co.
   HEAT.

 Beverly Productions, Inc.
   WONDER MAN. (R)

 Binzen, Bill.
   PUNCH AND JONATHAN.

 Blake Films.
   THE ADAGE GRAPHICS SYSTEM—INTERACTIVE COMPUTER GRAPHICS.

 Block-Hirsch Productions, Inc.
   MATINEE.

 Boersma, Otte M., Jr.
   YOUTH, DRUGS, AND SOCIETY: DRUG SYMPTOMS AND FIRST AID.

 Boltons Trading Corp.
   ANNA PAVLOVA.

 Borenstein, Joyce.
   OPUS 1.

 Borland, Hal.
   WHEN THE LEGENDS DIE.

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS.

 Boulevard Communications Group, Inc.
   THE SANDPIPER.

 Boulle, Pierre.
   CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   COMING ON STRONG.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah.
   ARE YOU LISTENING.
   THE FIVE PRINCIPLES OF SUPERVISION AND HOW THEY CHANGED MY LIFE.
   ORGAN FUNDAMENTALS.
   STRENGTHENING THE HOME.

 Brigham Young University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.
   ARE YOU LISTENING.
   THE FIVE PRINCIPLES OF SUPERVISION AND HOW THEY CHANGED MY LIFE.
   STRENGTHENING THE HOME.

 Brinley, Bertrand R.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Brown, Carl E.
   CROSSTOWN.

 Brown, Thomas E.
   FILMMAKING FUNDAMENTALS.

 Bruner, Jerome S.
   CUP TO LIP: THE ORIGINS OF INSTRUMENTAL ACTION.
   EARLY WORDS: ACTION AND THE STRUCTURE OF LANGUAGE.
   THE INTENTION TO TAKE: THE INFANCY OF OBJECT CAPTURE.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   CHARLEY AND THE ANGEL.
   THE MAGIC OF WALT DISNEY WORLD.
   RUN, COUGAR, RUN.
   SNOWBALL EXPRESS.
   THE WORLD'S GREATEST ATHLETE.

 Bureau of National Affairs, Inc.
   CD_{2} FORMULA FOR SUCCESS IN SELLING.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT LONG-RANGE PLANNING.
   WHAT EVERY MANAGER NEEDS TO KNOW ABOUT MARKETING.


                                   C

 CAP Productions.
   MY SON, THE TEACHER.
   NEWS ABOUT TEETH.
   TRUTHS ABOUT TEETH.

 CCA Film Makers.
   ABOUT A CENTURY.

 CCM Films.
   THE HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN COLONIES.

 CRM Productions.
   THE NATURE OF MATTER: AN ATOMIC VIEW.
   THE ORIGIN OF THE ELEMENTS.

 CS & DS Enterprises, Inc.
   EVELYN WOOD READING DYNAMICS.

 Cadre Films.
   GOODBYE BILLY: AMERICA GOES TO WAR.

 Calev, Chaim.
   TO THE STATION.

 California Real Estate Assn.
   I WOULD, IF I ONLY HAD THE TIME.

 Caltex Petroleum Corp.
   THE BOTTOM LINE.
   THE OTHER HALF OF THE PROFIT PIE.
   RECORDS TO RICHES.
   SAFETY IS NO ACCIDENT.

 Calvada Productions.
   THE DICK VAN DYKE SHOW.

 Calvin Communications, Inc.
   THE DOLLAR DRAIN.
   FIRST LINE OF DEFENSE.
   WHO, ME.

 Calvin Productions.
   FOOTBALL PUNTER.

 Camden Productions, Inc.
   THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID. (R)

 Candid Productions, Inc.
   THE SUPERSTARS.

 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland.
   CLOSED CUFF METHOD OF GOWNING AND GLOVING.
   DRAPING THE OPERATIVE PATIENT.
   INTERMITTENT POSITIVE PRESSURE BREATHING.
   PREOPERATIVE SURGICAL SCRUB.

 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. Frances Payne Bolton School
    of Nursing.
   DRAPING THE OPERATIVE PATIENT.
   NURSING APPRAISAL OF NEWBORN INFANTS: PHYSICAL CHARACTERISTICS AND
      BEHAVIORS.

 Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. Press.
   SEE Press of Case Western Reserve University.

 Castelli (Leo) Gallery, New York.
   A FIRST QUARTER.

 Catonsville Community College, Catonsville, Md.
   RELAXATION EXERCISES.

 Cavalcade Films, Ltd.
   WORK IS A FOUR LETTER WORD.

 Center for Cognitive Studies, Harvard University.
   SEE Harvard University. Center for Cognitive Studies.

 Center for Constructive Change, Durham, N.H.
   LOOKING FOR A BETTER WAY.

 Center for Creative Leadership.
   A PSYCHOLOGY OF CREATIVITY.

 Centron Corp.
   TECHNIQUE OF POLYCENTRIC-TYPE KNEE ARTHROPLASTY.
   USING AND CARING FOR ART MATERIALS.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   DECIDING.
   ELEMENTARY NATURAL SCIENCE—SMALL PREDATORY MAMMALS.

 Centron Educational Films.
   DECIDING.
   ELEMENTARY NATURAL SCIENCE—SMALL PREDATORY MAMMALS.
   USING AND CARING FOR ART MATERIALS.

 Charles F. Kettering Foundation.
   SEE Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.

 Charlotte-Mecklenburg Board of Education (N.C.)
   SOMEONE HAS TO LISTEN.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Chia's Productions.
   TEEN SCENE.

 Chicago Circle, University of Illinois.
   SEE University of Illinois. Chicago Circle.

 Chrysler Corp.
   BRAKE RECONDITIONING.
   DODGE CLUB CAB.
   ELECTRONIC SECURITY ALARM.
   EXHAUST EMISSIONS AND DRIVEABILITY.
   EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE.
   GETTING THEM STARTED.
   MAKE THE MOST OF IT.
   A MATTER OF MINUTES.
   1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500, 1973 DODGE POLARA CUSTOM.
   1973 CHRYSLER NEWPORT, BUICK LESABRE CUSTOM, OLDS DELTA 88, MERCURY
      MONTEREY CUSTOM.
   1973 COLT.
   1973 DART, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON.
   1973 DUSTER, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON.
   1973 PLYMOUTH FURY III, 1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500.
   1973 VALIANT AND DART AIR CONDITIONING.
   1973 WAGONS, DODGE, CHEVROLET & FORD COMPARISON.
   PLYMOUTH, FORD & CHEVY WAGON COMPARISON.
   RADIO & SOUND SYSTEM TROUBLESHOOTING.
   TURN TO DODGE FOR LEADERSHIP.
   UNDERSTANDING ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS.

 Churchill Films.
   LITTLE TRAIN, LITTLE TRAIN.

 Churchill, Sir Winston Leonard Spencer.
   YOUNG WINSTON.

 Ciba Educational Services.
   THE HYPERACTIVE CHILD.

 Cine-Image Productions, Ltd.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE MARRIAGE.

 Cinecraft, Inc.
   WHERE'S JOE.

 Cinema Artists Corp.
   ALONG CAME JONES. (R)

 Cinematheque Francaise.
   L'AGE D'OR.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   A NAME FOR EVIL.
   NECROMANCY.
   WALKING TALL.

 Cirandinha Productions, Inc.
   SAVE THE TIGER.

 Clear-Vue Film Corp.
   BASIC MECHANICAL DRAWING TECHNIQUES.
   THE BOW COMPASS.
   BREAKS: LONG CYLINDRICAL.
   CALIPERS OUTSIDE, INSIDE.
   THE CENTER HOLE.
   CHASING A THREAD.
   COLLETS—FOR PRECISION TURNING.
   COMBINATION SQUARE AND CENTERHEAD.
   COUNTERSINK AND COUNTERBORE.
   CUTTING A THREAD WITH A DIE.
   THE DIAL INDICATOR.
   DRAWING A HEXAGON.
   DRAWING AN OBLIQUE CYLINDER.
   DRAWING AN OBLIQUE RECTANGLE.
   THE FOUR JAW INDEPENDENT CHUCK.
   THE HERMAPHRODITE CALIPER.
   MEASURING WITH SMALL HOLE AND TELESCOPE GAGES.
   THE MICROMETER DIAL GOES TO WORK.
   MOUNTING AND USING THE THREE JAW CHUCK.
   PREPARING TO CHASE A THREAD.
   THE PROTRACTOR.
   READING A MICROMETER.
   READING THE VERNIER SCALE.
   SETTING UP WORK BETWEEN CENTERS.
   THE SURFACE GAGE.
   TAPPING A HOLE.
   THREADING WITH A DIE.
   TURNING A STEP USING THE COMPOUND.
   TURNING A TAPER BETWEEN CENTERS.
   TURNING A TAPER USING THE COMPOUND.
   USING A MICROMETER.
   THE VERNIER CALIPER AT WORK.

 Cleveland. Dept. of Health & Public Welfare.
   MY SON, THE TEACHER.
   NEWS ABOUT TEETH.
   TRUTHS ABOUT TEETH.

 Cohen, Howard R.
   UNHOLY ROLLERS.

 Collins, Ashton B.
   REDDY MADE MAGIC. (R)

 Colonial Williamsburg Foundation.
   HAMMERMAN IN WILLIAMSBURG: THE EIGHTEENTH CENTURY BLACKSMITH.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   ADVENTURE.
   CBS EVENING NEWS WITH WALTER CRONKITE.
   CBS NEWS SPECIAL.
   CBS REPORTS.
   GUNSMOKE.
   HAWAII FIVE–0.

 Columbia Pictures.
   A DAY IN THE DEATH OF JOE EGG.
   THE KING OF MARVIN GARDENS.
   LOST HORIZON.
   WATTSTAX.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   THE BANDIT OF SHERWOOD FOREST. (R)
   BEER BARREL POLECATS. (R)
   A BIRD IN THE HEAD. (R)
   BLACK GUNN.
   THE BLONDE STAYED ON. (R)
   BLONDIE'S LUCKY DAY. (R)
   CANINE CHAMPION. (R)
   A CLOSE CALL FOR BOSTON BLACKIE. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   THE DEVIL'S MASK. (R)
   DIVING ACES. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   FRONTIER GUNLAW. (R)
   GALLOPING THUNDER. (R)
   THE GENTLEMEN MISBEHAVES. (R)
   GET ALONG, LITTLE ZOMBIE. (R)
   GILDA. (R)
   GUNNING FOR VENGEANCE. (R)
   HIGH BLOOD PLEASURE. (R)
   HISS AND YELL. (R)
   A HIT WITH A MISS. (R)
   HOP HARRIGAN. (R)
   JIGGERS, MY WIFE. (R)
   JUNGLE RAIDERS. (R)
   JUST BEFORE DAWN. (R)
   LIFE WITH BLONDIE. (R)
   THE MAN WHO DARED. (R)
   MEET ME ON BROADWAY. (R)
   MERMAID'S PARADISE. (R)
   MR. NOISY. (R)
   MYSTERIOUS INTRUDER. (R)
   NIGHT EDITOR. (R)
   THE NOTORIOUS LONE WOLF. (R)
   ONE WAY TO LOVE. (R)
   OUT OF THE DEPTHS. (R)
   PERILOUS HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE PHANTOM THIEF. (R)
   RASSLIN' ROMEOS. (R)
   ROARING RANGERS. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SHAMUS.
   SPOOK TO ME. (R)
   TALK ABOUT A LADY. (R)
   TARS AND SPARS. (R)
   TEXAS PANHANDLE. (R)
   THAT TEXAS JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE THREE TROUBLEDOERS. (R)
   THROW A SADDLE ON A STAR. (R)
   TIMBERLAND ATHLETES. (R)
   TWO FISTED STRANGER. (R)
   UNCIVIL WAR BIRDS. (R)
   WHEN THE WIFE'S AWAY. (R)
   WHO'S GUILTY. (R)

 Columbia Pictures, Inc.
   GODSPELL.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   THE BANDIT OF SHERWOOD FOREST. (R)
   BEER BARREL POLECATS. (R)
   A BIRD IN THE HEAD. (R)
   THE BLONDE STAYED ON. (R)
   CANINE CHAMPION. (R)
   CATNIPPED. (R)
   A CLOSE CALL FOR BOSTON BLACKIE. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   THE DEVIL'S MASK. (R)
   DIVING ACES. (R)
   FILM VODVIL. (R)
   FOXEY FLATFOOTS. (R)
   FRONTIER GUNLAW. (R)
   GALLOPING THUNDER. (R)
   THE GENTLEMEN MISBEHAVES. (R)
   GET ALONG, LITTLE ZOMBIE. (R)
   GILDA. (R)
   GUNNING FOR VENGEANCE. (R)
   HIGH BLOOD PLEASURE. (R)
   HISS AND YELL. (R)
   A HIT WITH A MISS. (R)
   HOP HARRIGAN. (R)
   JIGGERS, MY WIFE. (R)
   JUNGLE QUEEN. (R)
   JUNGLE RAIDERS. (R)
   JUST BEFORE DAWN. (R)
   THE KING OF MARVIN GARDENS.
   KONGO-ROO. (R)
   LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. (R)
   LOVE AND PAIN AND THE WHOLE DAMN THING.
   THE MAN WHO DARED. (R)
   THE MASTER KEY. (R)
   MEET ME ON BROADWAY. (R)
   MERMAID'S PARADISE. (R)
   MR. NOISY. (R)
   MYSTERIOUS INTRUDER. (R)
   NIGHT EDITOR. (R)
   THE NOTORIOUS LONE WOLF. (R)
   ONE WAY TO LOVE. (R)
   OUT OF THE DEPTHS. (R)
   PERILOUS HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE PHANTOM THIEF. (R)
   POLAR PLAYMATES. (R)
   RASSLIN' ROMEOS. (R)
   RIVER RIBBER. (R)
   ROARING RANGERS. (R)
   THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SPOOK TO ME. (R)
   TALK ABOUT A LADY. (R)
   TARS AND SPARS. (R)
   TEXAS PANHANDLE. (R)
   THAT TEXAS JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE THREE TROUBLEDOERS. (R)
   THROW A SADDLE ON A STAR. (R)
   TIMBERLAND ATHLETES. (R)
   TWO FISTED STRANGER. (R)
   UNCIVIL WAR BIRDS. (R)
   UNSURE-RUNTS. (R)
   WHEN THE WIFE'S AWAY. (R)
   WHO'S GUILTY. (R)
   YOUNG WINSTON.

 Command Productions Establishment.
   POPE JOAN.

 Communications/Research/Machines, Inc.
   COGNITIVE DEVELOPMENT.
   EMOTIONAL DEVELOPMENT: AGGRESSION.
   ENERGY: A CONVERSATION.
   INFANCY.
   LANGUAGE DEVELOPMENT.
   MORAL DEVELOPMENT.
   THE NATURE OF MATTER: AN ATOMIC VIEW.
   THE ORIGIN OF THE ELEMENTS.
   THE STATES OF MATTER.

 Community Eye Design Works.
   LITTLE WHITE SALMON INDIAN SETTLEMENT.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   CLEANING NON-PATIENT AREAS.
   DAMP MOPPING.
   DISMISSAL CLEANING.
   TYPES OF FLOORS.

 Concept Films.
   THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS: OF, BY AND FOR THE PEOPLE.

 Connecticut Films, Inc.
   PUNCH AND JONATHAN.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   ADAPTATIONS OF BIRDS.
   ADMINISTRATION OF THOMAS JEFFERSON.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE MARRIAGE.
   BASKETBALL FOR GIRLS: FUNDAMENTAL TECHNIQUES.
   COLOR, COLOR EVERYWHERE—RED, YELLOW, BLUE.
   CONSERVING OUR ENVIRONMENT: THE POLLUTION CRISIS.
   DATING SCENE.
   DO WORDS EVER FOOL YOU.
   FRUIT FLIES: AN INQUIRY INTO BEHAVIOR.
   GREENLAND: STONE AGE TO JET AGE.
   INTRODUCING ECOLOGY: DEPENDENCE AND SHARING.
   LET'S COUNT.
   LET'S MAKE UP A STORY.
   LIFE AROUND THE WORLD.
   THE LIGHTHOUSE I WORK IN.
   THE MEDIA CENTER IN ACTION.
   MINORITIES: FROM AFRICA, ASIA AND THE AMERICAS.
   MINORITIES: FROM EUROPE.
   MINORITIES: IN THE NAME OF RELIGION.
   MINORITIES: PATTERNS OF CHANGE.
   MINORITIES: WHAT'S A MINORITY.
   MISTER PASTEUR AND THE RIDDLE OF LIFE.
   MOVING GOODS IN THE COMMUNITY.
   MOVING PEOPLE IN THE COMMUNITY.
   THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: OBTAINING FACTS.
   THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: TESTING HYPOTHESES.
   NEIGHBORHOODS CHANGE.
   POETRY—SO MANY KINDS.
   SHADOWS, SHADOWS EVERYWHERE.
   SPANISH INFLUENCES IN THE UNITED STATES.
   VOTING AT 18.
   A WALK IN THE WOODS.
   WHAT IS A CITY.
   WHAT TIME IS IT.
   ZERO, THE TROUBLEMAKER.

 Coronet Instructional Materials.
   JUMPY, THE GRASSHOPPER.
   THE NATURE OF SCIENCE: HOW IDEAS CHANGE.
   POKEY, THE SNAIL.
   SOUTHEAST ASIA: BURMA AND THAILAND.
   SOUTHEAST ASIA: MALAYSIA AND SINGAPORE.
   SOUTHEAST ASIA: VIETNAM, CAMBODIA, LAOS.
   SOUTHWEST INDIANS OF EARLY AMERICA.

 Counseling Films, Inc.
   BEHAVIORAL GROUP COUNSELING.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc.
   THE GREAT JOHN L. (R)
   HOGAN'S HEROES.
   WALKING TALL.

 Crosby, Charles D.
   FINANCE AND INSURANCE.

 Crowell (Thomas Y.) Co., Inc.
   MOCK TRIAL: AN EXERCISE IN PERCEPTION AND LOGIC.

 Crown International Productions.
   A MUTUAL OF OMAHA CRISS AWARD HONOURING BOB HOPE AND HIS WIFE
      DOLORES.

 Crunch Bird Studios, Inc.
   THE GOLFER.


                                   D

 D.A. Productions.
   CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A.
   THE D.A.

 Daisy Productions.
   THAT GIRL.

 Daughters of St. Paul, Boston.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD GOD GAVE US.

 Davidson Films.
   JOE GORES: A PENNY A WORD.

 Davis, James R.
   NEUROSURGERY ON A RAT.

 De la Varre, Andre, Jr.
   GEORGE WASHINGTON'S MOUNT VERNON.

 De Noailles, Charles.
   SEE Noailles, Charles de.

 DePatie-Freleng.
   THE BOA FRIEND.
   WHAM AND EGGS.
   YOKAHAMA MAMA.

 Dickey, James.
   DELIVERANCE.

 Directors Group Motion Pictures, Inc.
   DAWN OVER ECUADOR.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   THE ABC OF HAND TOOLS. (R)
   BATH DAY. (R)
   BATHING TIME FOR BABY. (R)
   THE BUILDING OF A TIRE. (R)
   CHARLEY AND THE ANGEL.
   DONALD'S DOUBLE TROUBLE. (R)
   DUMB BELL OF THE YUKON. (R)
   ENVIRONMENTAL SANITATION. (R)
   FRANK DUCK BRINGS 'EM BACK ALIVE. (R)
   JET PROPULSION. (R)
   LIGHT IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT. (R)
   LIGHTHOUSE KEEPING. (R)
   THE MAGIC OF WALT DISNEY WORLD.
   MAKE MINE MUSIC. (R)
   THE MOUSE FACTORY.
   PLANNING FOR GOOD EATING. (R)
   RUN, COUGAR, RUN.
   SNOWBALL EXPRESS.
   SQUATTER'S RIGHTS. (R)
   WET PAINT. (R)
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.
   THE WORLD'S GREATEST ATHLETE.

 Ditzel (William) Productions.
   AND SO TO BED.

 Diverse.
   BREAST ORGY.
   SIZZLING SEX SCENES.

 Diverse.
   SEE Diverse Industries, Inc.

 Diverse Industries, Inc.
   BLACK & BEAUTIFUL.
   BREASTS & NIPPLES.
   CALIFORNIA BLONDES.
   CLOSE-UPS.
   REARS & DEARS.
   SHAVED.
   WET & WILD.

 Domino Productions, Ltd.
   A DAY IN THE DEATH OF JOE EGG.

 Dostoevsky, Feodor Mikhailovich.
   VISITATION.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   CAREERS: OPPORTUNITIES FOR TRAINING.
   COLD CONTRACTS MATTER.
   DISTILLING WATER.
   FIND YOURSELF, THEN YOUR JOB.
   HEAT EXPANDS MATTER.
   MAKING SOLUTIONS.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.
   WHAT WILL BARBARA DO.
   WHAT WILL BERNARD DO.
   WHAT WILL CARL DO.
   WHAT WILL CHRISTY DO.
   WHAT WILL JONATHAN DO.
   WHAT WILL KATHY DO.
   WHAT WILL KEVIN DO.
   WHAT WILL LINDA DO.
   WHAT WILL MARY AND NANCY DO.
   WHAT WILL PATTY DO.
   WHAT WILL PETE DO.
   WHAT WILL RAMONA DO.
   WHAT WILL RAY DO.
   WHAT WILL SKIP DO.
   WHAT WILL TED DO.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Educational Systems Division.
   CAN THE WORLD BE FED.
   CHAOS OR COMMUNICATION.
   CRISIS IN THE CLASSROOM.
   DON'T CROWD ME.
   IS GOLD OBSOLETE.
   OVERLOAD.
   PUTTING THE ATOM TO WORK.
   SPARE PARTS FOR HUMAN BODIES.
   WHAT WILL BARBARA DO.
   WHAT WILL BERNARD DO.
   WHAT WILL CARL DO.
   WHAT WILL CHRISTY DO.
   WHAT WILL JONATHAN DO.
   WHAT WILL KATHY DO.
   WHAT WILL KEVIN DO.
   WHAT WILL LINDA DO.
   WHAT WILL MARY AND NANCY DO.
   WHAT WILL PATTY DO.
   WHAT WILL PETE DO.
   WHAT WILL RAMONA DO.
   WHAT WILL RAY DO.
   WHAT WILL SKIP DO.
   WHAT WILL TED DO.
   WHO OWNS THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN.
   WHO OWNS THE MOON.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. International Communications Films.
   SEE International Communications Films.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   CAREERS: OPPORTUNITIES FOR TRAINING.
   COLD CONTRACTS MATTER.
   COSTA RICA: RAUL AND THE CARRETA.
   DISTILLING WATER.
   FIND YOURSELF, THEN YOUR JOB.
   GUATEMALA: ADELA'S REBOZO.
   HEAT EXPANDS MATTER.
   THE HISTORY OF MAPS.
   JAMAICA: AINSLEY'S FISH STORY.
   MAKING SOLUTIONS.
   MEXICO: SABADO WITH RAMON.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.
   TODDLERS AND INDIANS.

 Douglas, Michael.
   DEALING: OR THE BERKELEY-TO-BOSTON FORTY-BRICK LOST-BAG BLUES.

 Durham, Marilyn.
   THE MAN WHO LOVED CAT DANCING.


                                   E

 Ealing Studios, Inc.
   DEAD OF NIGHT. (R)

 Educational Division, Houghton Mifflin Co.
   SEE Houghton Mifflin Co. Educational Division.

 Educational Systems Division, Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   SEE Doubleday & Co., Inc. Educational Systems Division.

 Eldridge, James W.
   TO CARRY ON THE WORK WHICH YOU BEGAN.

 Elite Pictures.
   STRANGE HOLIDAY. (R)

 Embassy Pictures Corp.
   THE PRODUCERS.
   THE SECOND BEST SECRET AGENT IN THE WHOLE WIDE WORLD.

 Emergency Productions.
   EMERGENCY.

 Emka.
   BLUE DAHLIA. (R)
   THE BRIDE WORE BOOTS. (R)
   HOLD THAT BLONDE. (R)
   KITTY. (R)
   LOST WEEKEND. (R)
   LOVE LETTERS. (R)
   MASQUERADE IN MEXICO. (R)
   MISS SUSIE SLAGLE'S. (R)
   ROAD TO UTOPIA. (R)
   THE SEARCHING WIND. (R)
   THE VIRGINIAN. (R)
   THE WELL GROOMED BRIDE. (R)

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   AIRPLANE TRIP.
   ANCIENT INCA INDIANS OF SOUTH AMERICA.
   THE CACTUS: PROFILE OF A PLANT.
   CONTROVERSY OVER INDUSTRIAL POLLUTION: A CASE STUDY.
   THE DRUG PROBLEM: WHAT DO YOU THINK.
   GLASSES FOR SUSAN: A NEW DAY.
   INTRODUCTION TO HOLOGRAPHY.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE LASER.
   IRISH BOY—THE STORY OF SEAN.
   LOOK IN THE ANSWER BOOK.
   THE MEXICAN-AMERICAN SPEAKS: HERITAGE IN BRONZE.
   MILK: FROM FARM TO YOU.
   OUR CHANGING CITIES: CAN THEY BE SAVED.
   PRACTICAL FILM MAKING.
   REGULATING BODY TEMPERATURE.
   THE SOVIET UNION: FACES OF TODAY.
   THIS IS HIGH SCHOOL.
   THE UNITED STATES CONGRESS: OF, BY AND FOR THE PEOPLE.
   VENEZUELA: OIL BUILDS A NATION.
   VOCATIONAL OPPORTUNITIES IN HIGH SCHOOL.
   THE WORK OF THE KIDNEYS.

 English Films, Inc.
   THE RANDOLPH FAMILY. (R)
   SECRET MISSION. (R)
   THEY MET IN THE DARK. (R)

 Entropy Productions.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.

 Environmental Films, Inc.
   THE TORNADO: APPROACHING THE UNAPPROACHABLE.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Eureka Pictures, Inc.
   CAPTAIN EDDIE. (R)

 Evans, David.
   GRAVEL SPRINGS FIFE AND DRUM.

 Executive VideoForum, Inc.
   MANAGEMENT CHALLENGE: THE WILL TO WORK.

 Exhibitor Presentations.
   THE BUILDERS.


                                   F

 Factory Mutual Engineering Corp.
   FIRE PROTECTION FOR RACK STORAGE UP TO 25 FEET.
   FIRE PROTECTION VALVE SUPERVISION.

 Fairchild Industries, Inc.
   AUTOMATED BOX MAIL PROCESSING SYSTEM II.

 Feil (Edward) Productions.
   CLOSED CUFF METHOD OF GOWNING AND GLOVING.
   DRAPING THE OPERATIVE PATIENT.
   INTERMITTENT POSITIVE PRESSURE BREATHING.
   PREOPERATIVE SURGICAL SCRUB.

 Feiner (Richard) & Co., Inc.
   THE BICYCLE THIEF.

 Ferris, Bill.
   GRAVEL SPRINGS FIFE AND DRUM.

 Ferris, Wally.
   ACROSS 110TH STREET.

 Film Archives Co.
   AND THEN THERE WERE NONE. (R)
   DEAD OF NIGHT. (R)
   GEORGE MELIES' COLOR FILMS.
   THE GREAT JOHN L. (R)
   PARIS UNDERGROUND. (R)

 Film Dynamics.
   NOW IS FOREVER.

 Film Guarantors, Inc.
   ACROSS 110TH STREET.

 Filmakers Studio, Inc.
   THE CHALLENGE OF THE SALT.
   NAVAJO ADVENTURE OF ASH-KI AND VERNON.

 FilmFair Communications.
   ACHIEVING SEXUAL MATURITY.
   CONTRACEPTION.
   FROM CAVE TO CITY.
   THE HEALTH FOOD MOVEMENT.
   NOISE AND ITS EFFECTS ON HEALTH.
   THE SEXUALLY MATURE ADULT.
   TOMMY'S FIRST CAR.
   VENEREAL DISEASE.

 FilmFair, Inc.
   THE BUY LINE.
   FROM CAVE TO CITY.
   THE HEALTH FOOD MOVEMENT.
   MAGICAL DISAPPEARING MONEY.
   NOISE AND ITS EFFECTS ON HEALTH.
   RECYCLING IN ACTION.
   THE SEARCH FOR ALTERNATIVE LIFE STYLES AND PHILOSOPHIES.
   TOMMY'S FIRST CAR.
   YOUR RIGHT TO A HEARING.

 Films Cinematografica, S.R.L.
   THE SEX OF ANGELS.

 Films for the Humanities.
   E. E. CUMMINGS: THE MAKING OF A POET.

 Films, Inc.
   ABOUT DINNERTIME.
   ABOUT FARMERS.
   ABOUT GLASS.
   ABOUT RIVERS.
   ABOUT RUBBER.
   AFRICAN ANIMALS.
   AUSTRALIAN ANIMALS.
   BIRDS ON A SEASHORE.
   BLACKBIRD FAMILY.
   BUTTERFLY.
   CARP IN A MARSH.
   CHICKS AND CHICKENS.
   CIRCUS IN EUROPE.
   COOPERATIVE FARMING IN EAST GERMANY.
   DAIRY FARMING IN THE ALPS.
   DEEP SEA TRAWLER.
   DIAMOND MINING IN EAST AFRICA.
   DIGESTIVE SYSTEM.
   EGYPTIAN VILLAGERS.
   THE EYE.
   HEART AND CIRCULATORY SYSTEM.
   HIGHLAND INDIANS OF PERU.
   INDUSTRIAL REGION IN SWEDEN.
   THE INNER EAR.
   JAPANESE FARMERS.
   KANGAROOS.
   KIDNEYS.
   LAND FROM THE NORTH SEA.
   LIZARD.
   MAN CHANGES THE NILE.
   MASAI IN TANZANIA.
   MINERS OF BOLIVIA.
   NEW LIFE FOR A SPANISH FARMER.
   OASIS IN THE SAHARA.
   OIL IN LIBYA.
   OVER THE ANDES IN ECUADOR.
   PLATEAU FARMERS IN FRANCE.
   RAINY SEASON IN WEST AFRICA.
   RANCHERO AND GAUCHOS IN ARGENTINA.
   RICE FARMERS IN THAILAND.
   RIVER JOURNEY ON THE UPPER NILE.
   RIVER PEOPLE OF CHAD.
   ROMANIA.
   THE SEA LION.
   SHEPHERD DOG AND HIS FLOCK.
   SUGAR IN EGYPT.
   TEETH.
   THREE BROTHERS IN HAITI.
   TIMBER IN FINLAND.
   TOKYO INDUSTRIAL WORKER.
   WINEMAKERS IN FRANCE.
   WOOL IN AUSTRALIA.

 Films Oceanic.
   LE SAUT DE L'ANGE.

 Filmways, Inc.
   SAVE THE TIGER.

 501 Films, Inc.
   A SAFE BET.

 Foreign Mission Board, Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Foreign Mission Board.

 Formosa Productions, Inc.
   COME BACK CHARLESTON BLUE.

 France Illustration at Filmagazine.
   LE TEMPESTAIRE.

 France Opera Co.
   MEDICINE BALL CARAVAN.

 Frances Payne Bolton School of Nursing, Case Western Reserve
    University.
   SEE Case Western Reserve University, Cleveland. Frances Payne Bolton
      School of Nursing.

 Franciscan Communications Center, Los Angeles.
   DID I DO GOOD.
   LOVE LOOKS AT CHINA.
   MATTHEW 5:5.
   THEY SHALL SEE.
   WHAT IS SEGREGATION.

 Frank, Seymour.
   SEE Beta Film Co.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   HAWAII FIVE–0.

 Frink Film Studio.
   FLUTE PLAYING: A STUDY WITH MARK THOMAS.


                                   G

 G & L Productions.
   BAPTISM.

 GSF Productions, Inc.
   JOURNEY THROUGH ROSEBUD.

 Gallagher, Richard.
   SNOW JOB.

 Gallico, Paul.
   THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE.

 General Electric Co.
   LIGHTNING.

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   BLITHE SPIRIT. (R)
   THE LIFE AND DEATH OF COLONEL BLIMP. (R)

 General Learning Corp.
   JOE GORES: A PENNY A WORD.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   CAMARO.
   CAMARO AND CORVETTE.
   CAPRICE.
   THE CHEVROLET BLAZER.
   CHEVROLET PICKUPS.
   CHEVROLET PRODUCT OPTIONS.
   CHEVROLET RECREATIONAL VEHICLES.
   CHEVY VANS.
   CUSTOMER RECEPTION & CONVENIENCE.
   DEVELOPING A CLIENTELE.
   FACILITIES PLANNING.
   IMPALA.
   LET PEOPLE KNOW WHAT YOU DO: PROSPECTING.
   LUV.
   MONTE CARLO.
   THE 1972 CHEVELLE.
   1972 CHEVROLET MID-SIZE WAGONS.
   THE 1972 CHEVROLET NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY.
   THE 1972 CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS.
   1973 CHEVROLET PICKUPS.
   1973 FULL-SIZE CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS.
   1973 IMPALA.
   1973 MONTE CARLO.
   1973 NOVA.
   1973 SUBURBAN BY CHEVROLET.
   1973 VEGA.
   NOVA.
   PROFESSIONALISM, WHAT PEOPLE WOULD LIKE TO SEE.
   QUESTIONING FOR NEEDS AND WANTS.
   SELL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE: YOURSELF, PRODUCT, DEALERSHIP.
   SELL VALUE OF PURCHASE.
   SUBURBAN AND SPORTVAN.
   VEGA.
   VEGA REPORT.

 General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.
   BATTLE OF THE BRANDS.
   THE CUSTOMER MAGNET.
   FULL VALUE FROM THE FULL SIZED NINETY-EIGHT.
   OMEGA: A NEW BRANCH ON THE OLDS FAMILY TREE.
   STEP AHEAD WITH CUTLASS.
   A STEP TO THE FRONT.
   39TH OLDSMOBILE NATIONAL DEALER COUNCIL.
   YOU CAN DEPEND ON A DELTA.

 Georgetown Productions.
   GEAR UP FOR POPULATION BALANCE.

 Gillette Co.
   [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Goldberg-Werrenrath Productions.
   NATURE'S EVER CHANGING COMMUNITIES.
   READING LONG WORDS: PHONICS AND WORD STRUCTURE.
   READING LONG WORDS: PUTTING THE RULES TOGETHER.
   READING LONG WORDS: SHORT VOWEL SOUNDS.
   READING LONG WORDS: THE LONG VOWEL SOUNDS.

 Golden Gate Films.
   THE BRIDE.

 Goldstein, William.
   DR. PHIBES RISES AGAIN.

 Goldway Productions, Inc.
   BE SAFE MY FRIEND.

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions.
   WONDER MAN. (R)

 Gould, Arthur.
   CLOWN MAKE-UP.
   CLOWNS ARE FOR LAUGHING.

 Grafton, Sue.
   LOLLY-MADONNA XXX.

 Greater Cleveland Associated Foundation.
   DENTAL HEALTH.
   THE LEGEND OF RIVER BEND MONUMENT.
   MY SON, THE TEACHER.
   NEWS ABOUT TEETH.
   PLAQUE.
   TRUTHS ABOUT TEETH.

 Green River Productions.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.

 Greene, Graham.
   TRAVELS WITH MY AUNT.

 Greenfield, Patricia M.
   EARLY WORDS: ACTION AND THE STRUCTURE OF LANGUAGE.

 Greentree Productions, Inc.
   GUEST WIFE. (R)

 Griffin, Patrick H.
   SEE Cadre Films.

 Grossman, Richard.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.

 Gus Productions, Inc.
   KLUTE.

 Gusmer Corp.
   THE WORLD OF FOAM, YOUR WORLD.


                                   H

 Haight-Ashbury Films.
   JUNKIES ARE PEOPLE.

 Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
   CRESCENDO.
   DRACULA HAS RISEN FROM THE GRAVE.
   FRANKENSTEIN MUST BE DESTROYED.
   MOON ZERO TWO.
   TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA.
   WHEN DINOSAURS RULED THE EARTH.

 Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.
   CHARLOTTE'S WEB.

 Harbour-UTV.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Harper & Row, Publishers, Inc.
   ACTION OF PITUITARY HORMONES.
   ANALYTICAL CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   APPROXIMATE WEIGHING: SIMPLE LABORATORY BALANCES.
   BLOOD-GLUCOSE ESTIMATION (FOLIN-WU METHOD)
   BLOOD TYPING: ABO AND RH: SLIDE METHOD.
   BLOOD UREA NITROGEN (GEUTZOW MODIFIED METHOD)
   BUFFER SOLUTIONS.
   COLLISION DYNAMICS OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS.
   THE COMPOUND MICROSCOPE.
   CONIC SECTIONS.
   CONIC SECTIONS: ELLIPSE.
   CONIC SECTIONS: HYPERBOLA.
   CONIC SECTIONS: PARABOLA.
   CROSS MATCHING OF BLOOD.
   CRYSTAL GROWTH.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: COGNITION.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: INFANCY.
   DEVELOPMENT OF THE CHILD: LANGUAGE.
   DIFFERENTIAL BLOOD COUNT.
   THE DISSECTING MICROSCOPE.
   DISTILLATION.
   EFFECTS OF RADIATION ON CHROMOSOMES AND GENES.
   THE ELECTRON MICROSCOPE.
   EMISSION SPECTRA.
   ENUMERATION.
   ERYTHROCYTE SEDIMENTATION RATE AND THE HEMATOCRIT.
   THE EXPONENTIAL FUNCTION.
   FEEDING BEHAVIOR OF THE BLOWFLY.
   FIELD ION MICROSCOPY.
   FORMATION OF AMINO ACIDS.
   FUNCTIONS: CIRCULAR & HYPERBOLIC.
   FUNCTIONS: DOMAIN AND RANGE.
   FUNCTIONS: INVERSES.
   FUNCTIONS: POWERS OF X.
   GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   GRAVIMETRIC TECHNIQUES.
   HYBRIDS.
   HYPOPHYSECTOMY.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: ARTICULATION.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: LANGUAGE.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: STUTTERING.
   IDENTIFYING SPEECH DISORDERS: VOICE AND RESONANCE.
   INDETERMINATE FORMS.
   INFRARED SPECTROSCOPY.
   THE INTEGRAL.
   INVERSION, RETENTION, AND RACEMIZATION.
   INVESTIGATION OF THE BLEEDING PATIENT.
   KIDNEY FUNCTION TEST: PHENOLSULFONEPHTHALEIN.
   LIQUID-LIQUID EXTRACTION.
   MAKING MICROSURGICAL INSTRUMENTS.
   MASS SPECTRA.
   MEGAEVOLUTION.
   METHODS OF OBTAINING BLOOD.
   MICROSURGERY IN AMPHIBIAN EMBRYOS.
   MOLECULAR MOTIONS.
   MUSCLE CONTRACTION.
   NEWTON'S METHOD.
   NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE SPECTROMETRY.
   OPTICAL ACTIVITY.
   PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE BLOOD.
   PARASITOLOGY: EXAMINATION OF THE FECES.
   pH METER.
   PHYSIOLOGY OF THE EYE.
   PLANT NUTRITION.
   POLLUTION AND POPULATION.
   PRECISION WEIGHING: THE SUBSTITUTION BALANCE.
   PREGNANCY TESTS.
   PREPARATION AND PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOIDS.
   PREPARATION OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES.
   PREPARING HISTOLOGICAL SECTIONS.
   PRE-PREDATOR INTERACTIONS: MOTH, WASP, AND MITE.
   PROPERTIES OF PROTEINOID MICROSPHERES.
   PURIFICATION OF SOLIDS BY RECRYSTALLIZATION.
   QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS.
   REACTION KINETICS.
   REPRODUCTION IN THE SEA URCHIN.
   RESPONSE OF ROACH CENTRAL NERVE CORD TO SENSORY STIMULATION.
   SEPARATION OF PROTEINS BY ELECTROPHORESIS.
   THE SEQUENCE x^nsin(1/x)
   SEROLOGICAL TEST (VDRL TEST)
   SIMPLE COLORIMETRY.
   SIMPLE MOLECULAR ORBITALS.
   SIMPLE STEREOCHEMISTRY.
   TAYLOR SERIES I.
   TAYLOR SERIES II.
   TESTS FOR HEMOGLOBIN.
   TITRATION.
   URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR BILE.
   URINALYSIS: EXAMINATION FOR OCCULT BLOOD.
   URINALYSIS: MICROSCOPIC EXAMINATION OF SEDIMENT.
   URINALYSIS: PHYSICAL EXAMINATION.
   URINALYSIS: REDUCING SUBSTANCES—GLUCOSE.
   URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR KETONES AND DIACETIC ACID.
   URINALYSIS: TESTS FOR PROTEIN.
   VISIBLE AND ULTRAVIOLET SPECTROSCOPY.
   VOLUMETRIC TECHNIQUES.
   X-RAY CRYSTALLOGRAPHY.

 Harrison, Harry.
   SOYLENT GREEN.

 Harvard University. Center for Cognitive Studies.
   CUP TO LIP: THE ORIGINS OF INSTRUMENTAL ACTION.
   THE INTENTION TO TAKE: THE INFANCY OF OBJECT CAPTURE.

 Hattrup, Marvin F.
   THE BRIDGE IN THE SKY.

 Hattrup, Raymond S.
   THE BRIDGE IN THE SKY.

 Hearst Corp. Hearst Metrotone News.
   SEE Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

 Hearst Corp. King Features Syndicate.
   SEE King Features Syndicate.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)

 Helmrath, Thomas A.
   THE PHYSICAL EXAMINATION OF AN INFANT.

 Hemdale Group.
   WHOEVER SLEW AUNTIE ROO.

 Hemenway, Carl.
   THE REFINER'S FIRE.

 Hermes Films.
   VICA: GOING PLACES.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   FIRE—SOUND THE ALARM.
   GHOST TOWNS OF THE WESTWARD MARCH.
   VANDALISM—WHY.

 Hill, George Roy.
   THE MAKING OF SLAUGHTERHOUSE-FIVE.

 Hilton, James.
   LOST HORIZON.

 Himes, Chester.
   COME BACK CHARLESTON BLUE.

 Hogan's Horde.
   HOGAN'S HEROES.

 Holmes, Oakley N., Jr.
   BLACK ARTISTS IN AMERICA.

 Holt, Rinehart & Winston, Inc.
   THE COWS OF DOLO KEN PAYE: RESOLVING CONFLICT AMONG THE KPELLE.

 Houghton Mifflin Co.
   BEGINNING CONCEPTS IN LOGIC.
   DECIMALS AND PERCENTS.
   DEVELOPING CONCEPTS IN ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DEVELOPING SETS.
   DISCOVERING THE PROPERTIES OF GEOMETRIC FIGURES.
   ELEMENTS OF GEOMETRY.
   FRACTIONAL NUMBER CONCEPTS.
   FRACTIONAL NUMBER OPERATIONS.
   FRACTIONAL NUMBERS: MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.
   FUNCTIONS, STATISTICS AND GRAPHS.
   INTRODUCING ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   INTRODUCING DIVISION.
   INTRODUCING MULTIPLICATION.
   INTRODUCING SETS.
   THE MEANING OF ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   THE MEANING OF MULTIPLICATION.
   MEASUREMENT.
   NUMBER SENTENCES.
   NUMBERS AND NUMERALS.
   PROBLEM SOLVING.
   SENSE ABILITY: 3 COMPREHENSION SKILLS.
   WORDS' WORTH: 5 LITERARY SKILLS.
   WORKING WITH MODERN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS.

 Houghton Mifflin Co. Educational Division.
   SENSE ABILITY: 3 COMPREHENSION SKILLS.

 Hubbs, Dennis Andrew.
   ART OF THE ANCIENTS.

 Hunter (Ross) Productions, Inc.
   LOST HORIZON.

 Huxley, Aldous Leonard.
   THE DEVILS.


                                   I

 IBM Corp.
   SEE International Business Machines Corp.

 IDEA.
   SEE Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.

 Illumination Films.
   OPEN SEASON.

 Imagination Unlimited.
   PLANNING UNLOCKS THE DOOR.

 Indiana University, Bloomington.
   THIS IS CAMPING.

 Inquiry Films, Inc.
   HATHA YOGA DARSHANA: THE YOGA POINT OF VIEW.

 Institute for Development of Educational Activities, Inc.
   CHANGE—TRAINING TEACHERS FOR INNOVATION.
   CHARLIE AND THE GOLDEN HAMSTER.
   CONTINUOUS PROGRESS LEARNING.
   HI, SCHOOL.
   I JUST WANTED TO LET YOU KNOW HOW WELL RHONDA IS DOING IN SCHOOL.
   THE IMPROBABLE FORM OF MASTER STURM.
   LEARNING HOW TO LEARN—A BRITISH JUNIOR CLASSROOM.
   LEARNING HOW TO LEARN—THE OPEN CLASSROOM IN AMERICA.
   LEARNING THROUGH INQUIRY—IN SEARCH OF MOUNT EVEREST.
   A MATTER OF TRUST.
   NEW OPTIONS FOR LEARNING.
   PRIMARY EDUCATION IN ENGLAND: THE ENGLISH INFANT SCHOOL.
   SCHOOL BOARDS IN CRISIS: THE FIVE FACING TEN.
   STAFF MEETING.
   THE STRATEGIES OF SMALL-GROUP LEARNING.
   THE STRATEGY.
   TEAM TEACHING IN THE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL.
   TEAM TEACHING: THE CORONA AFFAIR.
   TRY IT SOMETIME.
   A WHISPER OF DISSENT.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Washington, D.C.
   1973 CARS: LOW SPEED CRASH COSTS.

 International Business Machines Corp.
   OS JOB CONTROL LANGUAGE CODING FOR PROGRAMMERS.

 International Communications Films.
   THE BOY AND THE NORTH WIND.
   NATURE BOY.

 International Institute of Coiffure Designers, Ltd.
   LEO PASSAGE.

 International Pictures, Inc.
   IT'S A PLEASURE. (R)
   TOMORROW IS FOREVER. (R)

 International Temperance Assn.
   I TOOK THE HIGH ROAD.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF SHORT LOIN BREAKDOWN.
   A REPRESENTATIVE BEEF SIRLOIN BREAKDOWN.

 Irani, Adi K.
   AVATAR MEHER BABA IN DEHRA DUN 1954.

 Ital-Noleggio Cinematografico.
   LA TENDA ROSSA.


                                   J

 JDF/B Productions, Inc.
   TROUBLE MAN.

 Jalem Productions, Inc.
   SAVE THE TIGER.

 James, Will.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Jean Piaget Society, Philadelphia.
   BARBEL INHELDER—INFORMATION PROCESSING IN CHILDREN'S THINKING.
   EQUILIBRATION.

 Jennings, William Dale.
   THE COWBOYS.

 Jofen, Jerry.
   VOYAGE.
   WE'RE GETTING ON.

 Johnston, Velda.
   A HOWLING IN THE WOODS.

 Jones (Chuck) Enterprises.
   THE CRICKET IN TIMES SQUARE.

 Journal Films.
   NATURE'S EVER CHANGING COMMUNITIES.
   READING LONG WORDS: PHONICS AND WORD STRUCTURE.
   READING LONG WORDS: PUTTING THE RULES TOGETHER.
   READING LONG WORDS: SHORT VOWEL SOUNDS.
   READING LONG WORDS: THE LONG VOWEL SOUNDS.
   WHAT'S SO IMPORTANT ABOUT A WHEEL.

 Julian Films.
   PRACTICAL FILM MAKING.


                                   K

 Kansas City Life Insurance Co.
   FOOTBALL PUNTER.

 Kaye Instruments, Inc.
   THE EXPONENTIAL FUNCTION.
   FUNCTIONS: CIRCULAR & HYPERBOLIC.
   FUNCTIONS: DOMAIN AND RANGE.
   FUNCTIONS: INVERSES.
   FUNCTIONS: POWERS OF X.
   THE INTEGRAL.

 Kayenta Film Co.
   NAVAJO ADVENTURE OF ASH-KI AND VERNON.

 Keep Films, Ltd.
   THE RULING CLASS.

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   LEO PASSAGE.

 Keitz & Herndon, Inc.
   JOT.

 Kent Productions, Inc.
   THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE.

 Kent State University, Kent, Ohio.
   HELEN CORDERO.

 Kettledrum Productions, Ltd.
   DEEP END.

 King Features Syndicate.
   BLONDIE'S LUCKY DAY. (R)
   LIFE WITH BLONDIE. (R)

 Kingsbury Center, Inc., Washington, D.C.
   THE SETTING UP OF A CLUB.

 Kingsley-Forsberg Associates.
   CASUAL TIES, CASUALTIES.

 Knebel, Fletcher.
   VANISHED.

 Krieger, Elaine Adrienne.
   WAYNE'S PLACE.


                                   L

 Laborers-AGC Education & Training Fund, Washington, D.C.
   COMPACTION.
   CUT, BURN AND CLEAN—SAFELY.
   TRENCHING & SHORING.

 Lallier, Bernard-Paul.
   LE SAUT DE L'ANGE.

 Lantz, Walter.
   REDDY MADE MAGIC. (R)

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   THE LOOSE NUT. (R)

 Larson, Lauritz C.
   THE PIPES OF PAN.

 Lassie Television, Inc.
   LASSIE.

 Laterna Film, A.S.
   FIRST CIRCLE.

 Learning Co. of America.
   WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS.

 Learning Corp. of America.
   WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS.

 Learning Garden, Inc.
   MAGICAL DISAPPEARING MONEY.

 Levine (Philip) Laboratories.
   SYSTEMATIZED BLOOD BANK PROCEDURES.

 Levitt-Pickman Film Corp.
   HEAT.

 Lewis, Ethelreda.
   TRADER HORN.

 Lewis, Ted.
   THE HIT MAN.

 Lira Films.
   LE SAUT DE L'ANGE.

 Listen Magazine.
   I TOOK THE HIGH ROAD.

 Livings, Henry.
   WORK IS A FOUR LETTER WORD.

 Lockwood Simon Studios.
   LIBERATION.

 Lockwood, Todd R.
   SEE Lockwood Simon Studios.

 Lodestar Productions, Inc.
   A TIME FOR EVERY SEASON.

 Loew's, Inc.
   ADVENTURE. (R)
   BAD BASCOMB. (R)
   BIKINI—THE ATOM ISLAND. (R)
   BLUE SIERRA. (R)
   BOY'S RANCH. (R)
   EASY TO WED. (R)
   EQUESTRIAN QUIZ. (R)
   FAITHFUL IN MY FASHION. (R)
   FALA AT HYDE PARK. (R)
   GLIMPSES OF GUATEMALA. (R)
   THE GREEN YEARS. (R)
   THE HARVEY GIRLS. (R)
   THE HICK CHICK. (R)
   THE HOODLUM SAINT. (R)
   LAND OF THE MAYAS. (R)
   LITTLE MISTER JIM. (R)
   LONESOME LENNY. (R)
   LOOKING AT LONDON. (R)
   THE MILKY WAIF. (R)
   THE MISSION TRAIL. (R)
   MUSICAL MASTERPIECES. (R)
   OUR OLD CAR. (R)
   THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. (R)
   SPRINGTIME FOR THOMAS. (R)
   STUDIO VISIT. (R)
   THREE WISE FOOLS. (R)
   TRAP HAPPY. (R)
   TREASURES FROM TRASH. (R)
   TWO SISTERS FROM BOSTON. (R)
   TWO SMART PEOPLE. (R)
   VISITING VERA CRUZ. (R)
   ZIEGFELD FOLLIES. (R)

 Lopert Pictures Corp.
   THE SEX OF ANGELS.

 Lorrimer Pub., Ltd.
   THE HISTORY OF THE AMERICAN COLONIES.

 Lyntel Products, Inc.
   PIZZA PERFECT.

 Lytle, Andrew.
   A NAME FOR EVIL.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   ADAM–12.
   ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.
   BANACEK.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A.
   THE D.A.
   ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.
   EVIL ROY SLADE.
   THE IMPATIENT HEART.
   LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL.
   MCCLOUD.
   THE MAN AND THE CITY.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   ONCE UPON A DEAD MAN.
   OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.
   THE PARTNERS.
   RANSOM FOR A DEAD MAN.
   RIVER OF MYSTERY.
   SAM HILL: WHO KILLED THE MYSTERIOUS MR. FOSTER.
   SARGE: THE BADGE OR THE CROSS.
   THE SIXTH SENSE.
   VANISHED.

 McCown, Donald A., Jr.
   AUGUST 12TH.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   COASTAL PROCESSES.
   CRUSTAL EVOLUTION.
   DEEP OCEAN SEDIMENTS.
   EAST GERMANY: A NATION IN TRANSITION.
   EASTERN EUROPE: UNITY AND DIVERSITY.
   FRONTS.
   GLACIATION.
   HURRICANES.
   IGNEOUS PROCESSES.
   METAMORPHISM AND COAL FORMATION.
   OCEAN BASIN TOPOGRAPHY.
   OCEAN CURRENTS.
   SEDIMENTATION AND SEDIMENTARY ROCKS.
   STREAM ACTION.
   THUNDERSTORMS.
   WIND EROSION AND DEPOSITION.
   YUGOSLAVIA: THE CHALLENGE OF DIVERSITY.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   COASTAL PROCESSES.
   CRUSTAL EVOLUTION.
   DEEP OCEAN SEDIMENTS.
   EAST GERMANY: A NATION IN TRANSITION.
   EASTERN EUROPE: UNITY AND DIVERSITY.
   FRONTS.
   GLACIATION.
   HURRICANES.
   IGNEOUS PROCESSES.
   METAMORPHISM AND COAL FORMATION.
   OCEAN BASIN TOPOGRAPHY.
   OCEAN CURRENTS.
   SEDIMENTATION AND SEDIMENTARY ROCKS.
   STREAM ACTION.
   THUNDERSTORMS.
   WHY THINGS FLOAT.
   WIND EROSION AND DEPOSITION.
   YUGOSLAVIA: THE CHALLENGE OF DIVERSITY.

 Macoy Pub. & Masonic Supply Co., Inc.
   PLANNING UNLOCKS THE DOOR.

 McPortland, Mary Lou.
   WILLIAM.

 Mainland Financial Services, Inc.
   PAYMASTER EMPLOYEE VERSION.
   PAYMASTER EMPLOYER VERSION.

 Maiolini, Nelson.
   HOMMAGE A LA TUNISIE.

 Major News Library.
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)

 Malloch, William F.
   SEE Cadre Films.

 Malpaso Co.
   DIRTY HARRY.

 Manhattan Productions, Inc.
   IT'S IN THE BAG. (R)

 Mann, Thomas.
   DEATH IN VENICE.

 Mantell (Harold) Inc.
   E. E. CUMMINGS: THE MAKING OF A POET.
   TODDLERS AND INDIANS.

 Maran Film, G.M.B.H.
   DEEP END.

 Marasco, Robert.
   CHILD'S PLAY.

 Marin Audubon Society, Tiburon, Calif.
   BAY TIDELANDS.
   REDWOOD FOREST, STREAM OCEAN BEACH, BUTTERFLY TREES.

 Mark VII, Ltd.
   ADAM–12.
   CONSPIRACY TO KILL: THE D.A.
   THE D.A.
   EMERGENCY.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   THE CONCRETE SAW.
   CONNECTING WELDING MACHINES.
   SOLDERING AND BRAZING COPPER TUBING.

 Matheson, Richard.
   THE OMEGA MAN.

 May, Allegra.
   CUP TO LIP: THE ORIGINS OF INSTRUMENTAL ACTION.
   EARLY WORDS: ACTION AND THE STRUCTURE OF LANGUAGE.
   THE INTENTION TO TAKE: THE INFANCY OF OBJECT CAPTURE.

 Mayberry Enterprises.
   THE ANDY GRIFFITH SHOW.

 Mead, Jennifer H.
   MARTHA.

 Medex International, Inc.
   ENDOTRACHEAL INTUBATION.
   TRACHEOSTOMY.
   VENOUS CUTDOWN.

 Media Resources, University of Minnesota.
   SEE University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. Media Resources.

 Mediavision, Inc.
   THE OSHA INSPECTION.

 Medical Communications, Inc.
   THE HYPERACTIVE CHILD.

 Medi-Counseling Films.
   INFORMED CONSENT.

 Meher Prasad, Inc.
   GOD-MAN IN GURUPRASAD.
   MEHERAZAD MEMORIES.

 Meier (Don) Productions.
   MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   ADVENTURE. (R)
   BAD BASCOMB. (R)
   BIKINI—THE ATOM ISLAND. (R)
   BLUE SIERRA. (R)
   BOY'S RANCH. (R)
   EASY TO WED. (R)
   EQUESTRIAN QUIZ. (R)
   FAITHFUL IN MY FASHION. (R)
   FALA AT HYDE PARK. (R)
   GETTING THERE FIRST.
   GLIMPSES OF GUATEMALA. (R)
   THE GREAT WALTZ.
   THE GREEN YEARS. (R)
   THE HARVEY GIRLS. (R)
   THE HELICOPTER SPIES.
   THE HICK CHICK. (R)
   THE HIT MAN.
   THE HOODLUM SAINT. (R)
   HOW TO STEAL THE WORLD.
   THE KARATE KILLERS.
   LAND OF THE MAYAS. (R)
   LITTLE MISTER JIM. (R)
   LOLLY-MADONNA XXX.
   LONESOME LENNY. (R)
   LOOKING AT LONDON. (R)
   THE MAN WHO LOVED CAT DANCING.
   THE MILKY WAIF. (R)
   THE MISSION TRAIL. (R)
   MUSICAL MASTERPIECES. (R)
   ONE OF OUR SPIES IS MISSING.
   ONE SPY TOO MANY.
   OUR OLD CAR. (R)
   PAT GARRETT AND BILLY THE KID.
   THE POSTMAN ALWAYS RINGS TWICE. (R)
   POSTMAN'S KNOCK.
   PRIVATE PARTS.
   SLITHER.
   SOYLENT GREEN.
   SPRINGTIME FOR THOMAS. (R)
   THE SPY IN THE GREEN HAT.
   THE SPY WITH MY FACE.
   STUDIO VISIT. (R)
   SWEET JESUS, PREACHERMAN.
   THREE WISE FOOLS. (R)
   TO TRAP A SPY.
   TRADER HORN.
   TRAP HAPPY. (R)
   TRAVELS WITH MY AUNT.
   TREASURES FROM TRASH. (R)
   TWO SISTERS FROM BOSTON. (R)
   TWO SMART PEOPLE. (R)
   U.M.C.
   VISITING VERA CRUZ. (R)
   WICKED, WICKED.
   ZIEGFELD FOLLIES. (R)

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Television.
   GETTING THERE FIRST.
   U.M.C.

 Miller (Forney) Film Associates.
   LIGHTNING.

 Mills, Roy.
   SEE R.M. Productions.

 Mirisch Corp. of California.
   AVANTI.

 Mobil Oil Corp.
   [MOBIL OIL CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   BEHIND THE MASK. (R)
   COME OUT FIGHTING. (R)
   THE FACE OF MARBLE. (R)
   FEAR. (R)
   FLAME OF THE WEST. (R)
   FRONTIER FEUD. (R)
   THE LOST TRAIL. (R)
   MR. MUGGS RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE DAWN. (R)
   SADDLE SERENADE. (R)
   THE SHADOW RETURNS. (R)
   SOUTH OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   SPRINGTIME IN TEXAS. (R)
   SUNBONNET SUE. (R)
   TROUBLE CHASERS. (R)

 Monte Vista Corp.
   THE CHALLENGE OF THE SALT.

 Moody Institute of Science, Whittier, Calif.
   THE GOD OF CREATION. (R)
   MIRACLE AT MUNICH.

 Moon, Irwin A.
   THE GOD OF CREATION. (R)

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Mosfilm.
   LA TENDA ROSSA.

 Mount Vernon Ladies' Assn. of the Union (Va.)
   GEORGE WASHINGTON'S MOUNT VERNON.

 Mouris, Francis Peter.
   FRANK FILM.

 Mulligan-Roth Productions.
   SUMMER OF '42.

 Munro, James.
   INNOCENT BYSTANDERS.

 Murphy, Robert.
   RUN, COUGAR, RUN.

 Mutual of Omaha.
   A MUTUAL OF OMAHA CRISS AWARD HONOURING BOB HOPE AND HIS WIFE
      DOLORES.
   MUTUAL OF OMAHA'S WILD KINGDOM.


                                   N

 NBC Enterprises.
   CAN THE WORLD BE FED.
   CHAOS OR COMMUNICATION.
   CRISIS IN THE CLASSROOM.
   DON'T CROWD ME.
   IS GOLD OBSOLETE.
   OVERLOAD.
   PUTTING THE ATOM TO WORK.
   SPARE PARTS FOR HUMAN BODIES.
   WHO OWNS THE BOTTOM OF THE OCEAN.
   WHO OWNS THE MOON.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   NBC NEWS WHITE PAPER.
   NBC REPORTS.

 National Business Aircraft Assn.
   GEAR UP FOR POPULATION BALANCE.

 National Chemsearch Corp.
   OSHA, ARE YOU READY.

 National Farm Workers Service Center, Inc.
   SI SE PUEDE.

 National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C.
   LEONARDO DA VINCI: TO KNOW HOW TO SEE.

 National Gallery of Art, Washington, D.C. Trustees.
   LEONARDO DA VINCI: TO KNOW HOW TO SEE.

 National Geographic Society.
   STRANGE CREATURES OF THE NIGHT.
   THE VIOLENT EARTH.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   ANIMOLOGY. (R)
   AS THE TALK OF THE TOWN. (R)
   BEAU TIES. (R)
   BELLS OF ST. MARY'S. (R)
   BLUE WINNERS. (R)
   BOMBALERA. (R)
   BOOGIE WOOGIE. (R)
   CAMPUS MERMAIDS. (R)
   CANINE—FELINE CAPERS. (R)
   CAPTAIN TUGBOAT ANNIE. (R)
   DAFFYDILLY DADDY. (R)
   THE DIARY OF A CHAMBERMAID. (R)
   FAN FARE. (R)
   FROM A TO ZOO. (R)
   THE GAME BAG. (R)
   GUEST WIFE. (R)
   A HATFUL OF DREAMS. (R)
   HOTLIP JASPER. (R)
   IN A MUSICAL WAY. (R)
   IN THE PUBLIC EYE. (R)
   ISLE OF TABU. (R)
   IT'S IN THE BAG. (R)
   JASPER AND THE BEANSTALK. (R)
   JASPER TELL. (R)
   JASPER'S BOOBYTRAPS. (R)
   JASPER'S CLOSE SHAVE. (R)
   JASPER'S MINSTRELS. (R)
   MAGICALULU. (R)
   MAN'S PEST FRIEND. (R)
   MY MAN JASPER. (R)
   OUT FISHIN'. (R)
   PADDLE YOUR OWN. (R)
   RUNNING THE TEAM. (R)
   SNAP HAPPY. (R)
   THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY. (R)
   STRANGE HOLIDAY. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)
   WHAT A PICNIC. (R)
   WHITE RHAPSODY. (R)
   WHO'S WHO IN ANIMAL LAND. (R)

 Naughton, Edmund.
   MCCABE & MRS. MILLER.

 Near East Music Associates, Inc.
   KHALLY BALLAK MIN ZOUZOU.

 Neubacher-Vetter Film Productions.
   TUNE INTO NATURE.

 New Careers Systems Institute, Inc.
   THE RAPID MODIFICATION.

 New Directions Production Co.
   THE HERO.

 Nichols, Peter.
   A DAY IN THE DEATH OF JOE EGG.

 Nicholson Muir Productions, Inc.
   I AM JOE'S HEART.

 Nicklaus, Jack.
   JACK NICKLAUS ON GOLF.

 Nightingale-Conant Corp.
   THE STRANGEST SECRET.

 Nite, Randy.
   SEE Randy Candy Film Co.

 Nitewatchman, Inc.
   NITEWATCHMAN AD.

 Noailles, Charles de.
   L'AGE D'OR.

 Nolan (Roy) Films.
   JUNKIES ARE PEOPLE.

 Norbud Films, Ltd.
   START THE REVOLUTION WITHOUT ME.

 North Dakota. Wheat Commission.
   NORTH DAKOTA WHEAT IN WORLD TRADE.


                                   O

 Old Pueblo Films.
   BUFFER SOLUTIONS.
   CRYSTAL GROWTH.
   EMISSION SPECTRA.
   FIELD ION MICROSCOPY.
   GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   INVERSION, RETENTION, AND RACEMIZATION.
   MASS SPECTRA.
   MOLECULAR MOTIONS.
   NUCLEAR MAGNETIC RESONANCE SPECTROMETRY.
   OPTICAL ACTIVITY.
   pH METER.
   REACTION KINETICS.
   SIMPLE COLORIMETRY.
   SIMPLE MOLECULAR ORBITALS.
   SIMPLE STEREOCHEMISTRY.
   VISIBLE AND ULTRAVIOLET SPECTROSCOPY.
   X-RAY CRYSTALLOGRAPHY.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.

 Omnicom Productions.
   THE CUSTOMER MAGNET.

 O'Rear, Frankie.
   SNOWBALL EXPRESS.

 O'Rear, John.
   SNOWBALL EXPRESS.

 Ortho Diagnostics.
   SYSTEMATIZED BLOOD BANK PROCEDURES.

 Ortho Pharmaceutical Corp.
   SEE Ortho Diagnostics.

 Osha Films, Inc.
   THE OSHA INSPECTION.

 Oxfam-America, Inc.
   WHO IN THE WORLD.


                                   P

 Pacific Delight Tours, Inc.
   THE ORIENT ESCAPADE.

 Panfilms.
   DROP IN.
   FAREWELL.
   KYRIE, ALLELUIA, AMEN.
   LET IT BE.
   MARRIAGE LICENSE.
   RECONCILIATION.
   RESURRECTION.
   REVELATION.

 Paradine (David) Films, Ltd.
   CHARLEY-ONE-EYE.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   CHARLEY-ONE-EYE.
   CHARLOTTE'S WEB.
   CHILD'S PLAY.
   DEEP END.
   FIRST CIRCLE.
   FROM A TO ZOO. (R)
   INNOCENT BYSTANDERS.
   THE PLAGUE.
   SAVE THE TIGER.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   ANIMOLOGY. (R)
   AS THE TALK OF THE TOWN. (R)
   BEAU TIES. (R)
   BLUE DAHLIA. (R)
   BLUE WINNERS. (R)
   BOMBALERA. (R)
   BOOGIE WOOGIE. (R)
   THE BRIDE WORE BOOTS. (R)
   CAMPUS MERMAIDS. (R)
   CANINE—FELINE CAPERS. (R)
   DAFFYDILLY DADDY. (R)
   FAN FARE. (R)
   THE GAME BAG. (R)
   A HATFUL OF DREAMS. (R)
   HOLD THAT BLONDE. (R)
   HOTLIP JASPER. (R)
   HOUSE TRICKS. (R)
   IN A MUSICAL WAY. (R)
   IN THE PUBLIC EYE. (R)
   ISLE OF TABU. (R)
   JASPER AND THE BEANSTALK. (R)
   JASPER TELL. (R)
   JASPER'S BOOBYTRAPS. (R)
   JASPER'S CLOSE SHAVE. (R)
   JASPER'S MINSTRELS. (R)
   KITTY. (R)
   KLONDIKE CASANOVA. (R)
   LOST WEEKEND. (R)
   MAGICALULU. (R)
   MAN'S PEST FRIEND. (R)
   MASQUERADE IN MEXICO. (R)
   MISS SUSIE SLAGLE'S. (R)
   MY MAN JASPER. (R)
   OUT FISHIN'. (R)
   PADDLE YOUR OWN. (R)
   PARAMOUNT NEWS. (R)
   PEEP IN THE DEEP. (R)
   ROAD TO UTOPIA. (R)
   RUNNING THE TEAM. (R)
   SERVICE WITH A GUILE. (R)
   SNAP HAPPY. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)
   THE VIRGINIAN. (R)
   THE WELL GROOMED BRIDE. (R)
   WHAT A PICNIC. (R)
   WHITE RHAPSODY. (R)
   WHO'S WHO IN ANIMAL LAND. (R)

 Park Place Productions, Inc.
   INSIDE DAISY CLOVER. (R)

 Park Place Productions, Inc.
   SEE Mulligan-Roth Productions.

 Peiser, Judy.
   GRAVEL SPRINGS FIFE AND DRUM.

 Penelope Productions, Inc.
   THE HIT MAN.
   PRIVATE PARTS.

 Penthouse Pictures, Inc.
   A NAME FOR EVIL.

 Penthouse Production.
   A NAME FOR EVIL.

 Penton Pub. Co.
   MANAGEMENT CHALLENGE: THE WILL TO WORK.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Phalanx-Jalem Productions.
   AVANTI.

 Pillar, David John.
   SOCIETY.

 Pinnacle Productions, Inc.
   TEN FROM YOUR SHOW OF SHOWS.

 Plastering Industry Promotion Bureau.
   PLASTERING BUREAU FIRE FILM.

 Popular Pictures, Inc.
   AND THEN THERE WERE NONE. (R)

 Premier Productions.
   PRIVATE PARTS.

 Press of Case Western Reserve University.
   THE MEASUREMENT OF BLOOD PRESSURE.

 Pressman-Williams Enterprises, Inc.
   DEALING: OR THE BERKELEY-TO-BOSTON FORTY-BRICK LOST-BAG BLUES.

 Productions Artistes Associes, S.A.
   ROMA.

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   E TORNATO SABATA ... HAI CHIUSO UN ALTRA VOLTA.

 Projects Physics, Inc.
   CLASSROOM VIGNETTES.

 Pro-Tel Products, Inc.
   [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Public Media, Inc.
   AFRICAN ANIMALS.
   AUSTRALIAN ANIMALS.
   BIRDS ON A SEASHORE.
   BLACKBIRD FAMILY.
   BUTTERFLY.
   CARP IN A MARSH.
   CHICKS AND CHICKENS.
   CIRCUS IN EUROPE.
   COOPERATIVE FARMING IN EAST GERMANY.
   DAIRY FARMING IN THE ALPS.
   DEEP SEA TRAWLER.
   DIAMOND MINING IN EAST AFRICA.
   EGYPTIAN VILLAGERS.
   HIGHLAND INDIANS OF PERU.
   INDUSTRIAL REGION IN SWEDEN.
   JAPANESE FARMERS.
   KANGAROOS.
   LAND FROM THE NORTH SEA.
   LIZARD.
   MAN CHANGES THE NILE.
   MASAI IN TANZANIA.
   MINERS OF BOLIVIA.
   NEW LIFE FOR A SPANISH FARMER.
   OASIS IN THE SAHARA.
   OIL IN LIBYA.
   OVER THE ANDES IN ECUADOR.
   PLATEAU FARMERS IN FRANCE.
   RAINY SEASON IN WEST AFRICA.
   RANCHERO AND GAUCHOS IN ARGENTINA.
   RICE FARMERS IN THAILAND.
   RIVER JOURNEY ON THE UPPER NILE.
   RIVER PEOPLE OF CHAD.
   ROMANIA.
   THE SEA LION.
   SHEPHERD DOG AND HIS FLOCK.
   SILK MOTH.
   SUGAR IN EGYPT.
   THREE BROTHERS IN HAITI.
   TIMBER IN FINLAND.
   TOKYO INDUSTRIAL WORKER.
   WINEMAKERS IN FRANCE.
   WOOL IN AUSTRALIA.

 Puccella, Robert P.
   SIGHTS AND SOUNDS.

 Pulsar Productions, Ltd.
   LADY CAROLINE LAMB.

 Pyramid Films.
   CLOWN MAKE-UP.
   CLOWNS ARE FOR LAUGHING.


                                   Q

 QM Productions.
   CANNON.
   THE FBI.

 Queen, Ellery, pseud.
   ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.


                                   R

 RKO General, Inc.
   BADMAN'S TERRITORY. (R)
   BEDLAM. (R)
   CORNERED. (R)
   DEADLINE AT DAWN. (R)
   DING DONG WILLIAMS. (R)
   THE FALCON'S ALIBI. (R)
   FIRST YANK INTO TOKYO. (R)
   FROM THIS DAY FORWARD. (R)
   ISLE OF THE DEAD. (R)
   MAN ALIVE. (R)
   RIVERBOAT RHYTHM. (R)
   SING YOUR WAY HOME. (R)
   THE SPANISH MAIN. (R)
   THE TRUTH ABOUT MURDER. (R)
   WANDERER OF THE WASTELAND. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   BADMAN'S TERRITORY. (R)
   BEDLAM. (R)
   CORNERED. (R)
   DEADLINE AT DAWN. (R)
   DING DONG WILLIAMS. (R)
   THE FALCON'S ALIBI. (R)
   FIRST YANK INTO TOKYO. (R)
   FROM THIS DAY FORWARD. (R)
   ISLE OF THE DEAD. (R)
   MAN ALIVE. (R)
   RIVERBOAT RHYTHM. (R)
   SING YOUR WAY HOME. (R)
   THE SPANISH MAIN. (R)
   THE TRUTH ABOUT MURDER. (R)
   WANDERER OF THE WASTELAND. (R)

 R.M. Productions.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.

 Raack, R. C.
   SEE Cadre Films.


 Radio-Television Commission, Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Radio-Television Commission.

 Rainbow Productions, Inc.
   BELLS OF ST. MARY'S. (R)

 Raine, Norman Reilly.
   CAPTAIN TUGBOAT ANNIE. (R)

 Ram, Ltd.
   ASTRO ZOMBIES.

 Ram Productions.
   ASTRO ZOMBIES.

 Ram-Z II Productions.
   AZIZI.

 Randy Candy Film Co.
   THE MINSTREL AND THE FAIRY PRINCESS.

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   BLITHE SPIRIT. (R)
   THE LIFE AND DEATH OF COLONEL BLIMP. (R)
   THE MAN IN GREY. (R)
   THE RANDOLPH FAMILY. (R)
   SECRET MISSION. (R)
   THEY MET IN THE DARK. (R)

 Ratcliff, J. D.
   I AM JOE'S HEART.

 Reader's Digest Assn., Inc.
   I AM JOE'S HEART.

 Reality Films.
   THE ACCOUNTANT.
   BOGOLJUBOFF'S BLUNDERS.

 Reid (Don) Productions, Inc.
   PYRAMID.

 Repix, Inc.
   ALIAS BILLY THE KID. (R)
   ALONG THE NAVAJO TRAIL. (R)
   AN ANGEL COMES TO BROOKLYN. (R)
   BANDITS OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   BEHIND CITY LIGHTS. (R)
   CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH. (R)
   CANCION DE MEXICO. (R)
   THE CATMAN OF PARIS. (R)
   THE CHEROKEE FLASH. (R)
   COLORADO PIONEERS. (R)
   CONQUEST OF CHEYENNE. (R)
   CRIME OF THE CENTURY. (R)
   DAKOTA. (R)
   DAUGHTER OF DON Q. (R)
   DAYS OF BUFFALO BILL. (R)
   THE EL PASO KID. (R)
   THE FATAL WITNESS. (R)
   FEDERAL OPERATOR 99. (R)
   GANGS OF THE WATERFRONT. (R)
   GAY BLADES. (R)
   GIRLS OF THE BIG HOUSE. (R)
   A GUY COULD CHANGE. (R)
   HOME ON THE RANGE. (R)
   IN OLD SACRAMENTO. (R)
   THE INVISIBLE INFORMER. (R)
   KING OF THE FOREST RANGERS. (R)
   THE LAST CROOKED MILE. (R)
   LOVE, HONOR AND GOODBYE. (R)
   THE MADONNA'S SECRET. (R)
   MAN FROM RAINBOW VALLEY. (R)
   MARSHALL OF LAREDO. (R)
   MEXICANA. (R)
   MURDER IN THE MUSIC HALL. (R)
   NIGHT TRAIN TO MEMPHIS. (R)
   ONE EXCITING WEEK. (R)
   OREGON TRAIL. (R)
   PASSKEY TO DANGER. (R)
   PHANTOM OF THE PLAINS. (R)
   THE PHANTOM RIDER. (R)
   THE PURPLE MONSTER STRIKES. (R)
   RAINBOW OVER TEXAS. (R)
   ROAD TO ALCATRAZ. (R)
   ROUGH RIDERS OF CHEYENNE. (R)
   SCOTLAND YARD INVESTIGATOR. (R)
   SHERIFF OF REDWOOD VALLEY. (R)
   SONG OF MEXICO. (R)
   SPECTER OF THE ROSE. (R)
   SUN VALLEY CYCLONE. (R)
   SWINGIN' ON A RAINBOW. (R)
   TELL IT TO A STAR. (R)
   THE TIGER WOMAN. (R)
   TRAFFIC IN CRIME. (R)
   TRAIL OF KIT CARSON. (R)
   THE UNDERCOVER WOMAN. (R)
   VALLEY OF THE ZOMBIES. (R)
   WAGON WHEELS WESTWARD. (R)

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   ALIAS BILLY THE KID. (R)
   ALONG THE NAVAJO TRAIL. (R)
   AN ANGEL COMES TO BROOKLYN. (R)
   BANDITS OF THE BADLANDS. (R)
   BEHIND CITY LIGHTS. (R)
   CALIFORNIA GOLD RUSH. (R)
   CANCION DE MEXICO. (R)
   CAPTAIN TUGBOAT ANNIE. (R)
   THE CATMAN OF PARIS. (R)
   THE CHEROKEE FLASH.
   COLORADO PIONEERS. (R)
   CONQUEST OF CHEYENNE. (R)
   CRIME OF THE CENTURY. (R)
   DAKOTA. (R)
   DAUGHTER OF DON Q. (R)
   DAYS OF BUFFALO BILL. (R)
   THE EL PASO KID. (R)
   THE FATAL WITNESS. (R)
   FEDERAL OPERATOR 99. (R)
   GANGS OF THE WATERFRONT. (R)
   GAY BLADES. (R)
   GIRLS OF THE BIG HOUSE. (R)
   A GUY COULD CHANGE. (R)
   HOME ON THE RANGE. (R)
   IN OLD SACRAMENTO. (R)
   THE INVISIBLE INFORMER. (R)
   KING OF THE FOREST RANGERS. (R)
   THE LAST CROOKED MILE. (R)
   LOVE, HONOR AND GOODBYE. (R)
   THE MADONNA'S SECRET. (R)
   MAN FROM RAINBOW VALLEY. (R)
   MARSHALL OF LAREDO. (R)
   MEXICANA. (R)
   MURDER IN THE MUSIC HALL. (R)
   NIGHT TRAIN TO MEMPHIS. (R)
   ONE EXCITING WEEK. (R)
   OREGON TRAIL. (R)
   PASSKEY TO DANGER. (R)
   PHANTOM OF THE PLAINS. (R)
   THE PHANTOM RIDER. (R)
   THE PURPLE MONSTER STRIKES. (R)
   RAINBOW OVER TEXAS. (R)
   ROAD TO ALCATRAZ. (R)
   ROUGH RIDERS OF CHEYENNE. (R)
   SCOTLAND YARD INVESTIGATOR. (R)
   SHERIFF OF REDWOOD VALLEY. (R)
   SONG OF MEXICO. (R)
   SPECTER OF THE ROSE. (R)
   SUN VALLEY CYCLONE. (R)
   SWINGIN' ON A RAINBOW. (R)
   TELL IT TO A STAR. (R)
   THE TIGER WOMAN. (R)
   TRAFFIC IN CRIME. (R)
   TRAIL OF KIT CARSON. (R)
   THE UNDERCOVER WOMAN. (R)
   VALLEY OF THE ZOMBIES. (R)
   WAGON WHEELS WESTWARD. (R)

 Review Educational Films, Inc.
   DIVISION SENTENCES, FACTS OF 9.
   INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 7.
   INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 8.
   INTRODUCING THE DIVISION ALGORISM: FACTS OF 9.

 Risk, William B.
   SEE R.M. Productions.

 Rodale Films, Inc.
   LOOKING FOR ORGANIC AMERICA.

 Rodale Press, Inc.
   THE FLOODWATCHER.
   GARDEN.
   ORGANIC GARDENING: COMPOSTING.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   L'AGE D'OR.
   LE TEMPESTAIRE.

 Romino, Dominick J., II.
   THE NEXUS.

 Ronco Teleproducts, Inc.
   RONCO BUTTONEER.

 Ross Laboratories.
   BABY FEEDING FOR NEW MOTHERS.

 Roth, Philip.
   PORTNOY'S COMPLAINT.

 Roth (Richard Alan) Productions, Inc.
   SEE Mulligan-Roth Productions.

 Rouda, Saul.
   WALDO POINT.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   I'LL BUY THAT.

 Rowe International, Inc.
   BLIND BUSINESS.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   BRAKE RECONDITIONING.
   DODGE CLUB CAB.
   ELECTRONIC SECURITY ALARM.
   EXHAUST EMISSIONS AND DRIVEABILITY.
   EXTRA CARE IN ENGINEERING, IT MAKES A DIFFERENCE.
   GETTING THEM STARTED.
   MAKE THE MOST OF IT.
   A MATTER OF MINUTES.
   1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500, 1973 DODGE POLARA CUSTOM.
   1973 CHRYSLER NEWPORT, BUICK LESABRE CUSTOM, OLDS DELTA 88, MERCURY
      MONTEREY CUSTOM.
   1973 COLT.
   1973 DART, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON.
   1973 DUSTER, NOVA, MAVERICK COMPARISON.
   1973 PLYMOUTH FURY III, 1973 CHEVY IMPALA, 1973 FORD GALAXIE 500.
   1973 VALIANT AND DART AIR CONDITIONING.
   1973 WAGONS, DODGE, CHEVROLET & FORD COMPARISON.
   PLYMOUTH, FORD & CHEVY WAGON COMPARISON.
   RADIO & SOUND SYSTEM TROUBLESHOOTING.
   TURN TO DODGE FOR LEADERSHIP.
   UNDERSTANDING ELECTRICAL SYSTEMS.

 Rupp (Warren) Co.
   THE SANDPIPER.


                                   S

 Sagaponack Films, Inc.
   WHEN THE LEGENDS DIE.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   CHARLOTTE'S WEB.
   INNOCENT BYSTANDERS.

 St. John Nepomucene Church, New York.
   SEE Panfilms.

 Salisbury Educational Media, Inc.
   COSTA RICA: RAUL AND THE CARRETA.
   GUATEMALA: ADELA'S REBOZO.
   JAMAICA: AINSLEY'S FISH STORY.
   MEXICO: SABADO WITH RAMON.

 Sanderson, Richard A.
   INDUSTRY.

 Sandy (Bill) Co., Inc.
   CAMARO.
   CAMARO AND CORVETTE.
   CAPRICE.
   THE CHEVROLET BLAZER.
   CHEVROLET PICKUPS.
   CHEVROLET PRODUCT OPTIONS.
   CHEVROLET RECREATIONAL VEHICLES.
   CHEVY VANS.
   CUSTOMER RECEPTION & CONVENIENCE.
   DEVELOPING A CLIENTELE.
   FACILITIES PLANNING.
   IMPALA.
   LET PEOPLE KNOW WHAT YOU DO: PROSPECTING.
   LUV.
   MONTE CARLO.
   THE 1972 CHEVELLE.
   1972 CHEVROLET MID-SIZE WAGONS.
   THE 1972 CHEVROLET NEW VEHICLE WARRANTY.
   THE 1972 CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS.
   1973 CHEVROLET PICKUPS.
   1973 FULL-SIZE CHEVROLET STATION WAGONS.
   1973 IMPALA.
   1973 MONTE CARLO.
   1973 NOVA.
   1973 SUBURBAN BY CHEVROLET.
   1973 VEGA.
   NORTHERN VENTURE.
   NOVA.
   PROFESSIONALISM, WHAT PEOPLE WOULD LIKE TO SEE.
   QUESTIONING FOR NEEDS AND WANTS.
   SELL EVERYTHING YOU HAVE: YOURSELF, PRODUCT, DEALERSHIP.
   SELL VALUE OF PURCHASE.
   SUBURBAN AND SPORTVAN.
   VEGA.
   VEGA REPORT.

 Sanford Productions, Inc.
   THE COWBOYS.

 Saunders, Edward William.
   THE MYSTERIOUS KID.

 Schey, Harry M.
   FUNCTIONS: DOMAIN AND RANGE.

 Schiffner, Gregg.
   BAPTISM.

 Schiffner, Linda.
   BAPTISM.

 School of Medicine, Yale University.
   SEE Yale University. School of Medicine.

 Schwartz, Judah L.
   FUNCTIONS: DOMAIN AND RANGE.

 Schwartz (Marvin) Productions, Inc.
   WELCOME HOME SOLDIER BOYS.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   CATNIPPED. (R)
   FOXEY FLATFOOTS. (R)
   KONGO-ROO. (R)
   POLAR PLAYMATES. (R)
   RIVER RIBBER. (R)
   UNSURE-RUNTS. (R)

 Seitz (Franz) Filmproduktion.
   THE SEX OF ANGELS.

 Selden, George.
   THE CRICKET IN TIMES SQUARE.

 Selling (B.) Enterprises.
   LITTLE TRAIN, LITTLE TRAIN.

 Seltzer (Walter) Productions, Inc.
   THE OMEGA MAN.

 Sense Cinema.
   RADER'S AIDERS IN THE SUBURBS.

 Seven Oaks/Starbecker Productions.
   AND THEN IT HAPPENED.

 Shagan, Steve.
   SAVE THE TIGER.

 Shiseido Co., Ltd.
   THE SKIN.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   JOE GORES: A PENNY A WORD.

 Sinetar, Sidney. SEE Beta Film Co.

 Skyhill Film Co.
   ROLL AWAY THE STONE.

 Slaughter 1 Limited Partnership.
   SLAUGHTER.

 Sleeping Giant Films, Inc.
   VENEZUELA: OIL BUILDS A NATION.

 Smith, Sally L.
   THE SETTING UP OF A CLUB.

 Smothers, Inc.
   GET TO KNOW YOUR RABBIT.

 Snowman Productions, Inc.
   WRESTLING QUEEN.

 Societe Sabah Pour le Cinema.
   KHALLY BALLAK MIN ZOUZOU.

 Society for Avatar Meher Baba.
   THE THUNDER OF HIS SILENCE.

 Solzhenitsyn, Aleksandr I.
   FIRST CIRCLE.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Foreign Mission Board.
   JOT.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Radio & Television Commission.
   THE HUMAN DIMENSION.
   JOT.

 Southwest Regional Laboratory for Educational Research & Development.
   BEGINNING READING PROGRAM: A FOUNDATION FOR SUCCESS IN READING.
   EXPANDING INSTRUCTIONAL RESOURCES: PARENTS AND TUTORS.
   INSTRUCTIONAL CONCEPTS PROGRAM: A BEGINNING TO SUCCESSFUL LEARNING.

 Spear (Jack) Productions—Producers Associates.
   LOOK IN THE ANSWER BOOK.

 Sperry, Armstrong.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Sports Films & Talents, Inc.
   HOCKEY, THE RIGHT WAY.

 Squibb (E. R.) & Sons, Inc.
   HYDREA AND RADIATION THERAPY FOR HEAD AND NECK CANCER.

 Stacey Productions, Ltd.
   THE PARTNERS.

 Stanton, Will.
   CHARLEY AND THE ANGEL.

 Star Films.
   RICHTER ON FILM.

 Stark, Robert L.
   TRAIN DIRECTOR.

 Starr, Cecile.
   RICHTER ON FILM.

 Stax Films, Inc.
   WATTSTAX.

 Steinbeck, John.
   THE HARNESS.

 Stoker, Bram.
   DRACULA HAS RISEN FROM THE GRAVE.
   TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA.

 Stoneback, William D.
   MECHANICAL MELODIES.

 Sturgis-Grant Productions, Inc.
   HYDREA AND RADIATION THERAPY FOR HEAD AND NECK CANCER.

 Stusser, Michael.
   GARDEN.

 Sullivan (Leo) Associates.
   THE HISTORY OF MAPS.

 Sunday River Productions.
   THE BRIDGTON AND HARRISON.

 Superfly, Ltd.
   SUPER FLY.

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   EMOTIONS AND ATTITUDES.
   HEALTH.
   LEARNING AND COMMUNICATIONS SKILLS.
   NUTRITION.
   RELATIONSHIPS AND SELF CONCEPT.

 Syn-Frank Enterprises, Inc.
   HEAT.


                                   T

 TAPPI.
   SEE Technical Association of the Pulp & Paper Industry.

 Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc.
   SLITHER.

 Taylor, Samuel.
   AVANTI.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   THE CIRCULATION.
   COMPENSATION FOR HEAD MOVEMENTS: VESTIBULAR SYSTEM.
   HEARING: AUDITORY SYSTEM.
   SELF-CONTAINED RESPIRATORY PROTECTION.
   THE VISUAL SYSTEM: THE VISUAL PATHWAY.

 Technical Assn. of the Pulp & Paper Industry.
   A SAFE BET.

 Tele-Cine Film & Fernsehen Produktion, G.M.B.H.
   FIRST CIRCLE.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   THE FOX AND THE DUCK. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN THE EXTERMINATOR. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN WHO'S WHO IN THE JUNGLE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE WOLF. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN GYPSY LIFE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN KRAKATOA. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS BAD BILL BUNION. (R)
   THE MOSQUITO. (R)
   SWOONING THE SWOONERS. (R)
   THE WATCHDOG. (R)

 Teton, John M.
   B'RAESHEET.

 Texaco, Inc.
   DAWN OVER ECUADOR.

 Thomas (Gordon) Productions.
   COMPLETE GUIDE TO WINE.
   A VIDEO GUIDE TO WINE.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   ADOBE OVEN BUILDING.
   BASIC MECHANICAL DRAWING TECHNIQUES.
   BEEF BUTCHERING AND CURING.
   THE BOW COMPASS.
   BREAKS: LONG CYLINDRICAL.
   CALIPERS OUTSIDE, INSIDE.
   CANYON DE CHELLY CLIFF DWELLINGS.
   THE CENTER HOLE.
   CHASING A THREAD.
   CHEMISTRY OF THE BONE: GENERAL COMPOSITION.
   COLLETS—FOR PRECISION TURNING.
   COMBINATION SQUARE AND CENTERHEAD.
   COUNTERSINK AND COUNTERBORE.
   CUTTING A THREAD WITH A DIE.
   THE DIAL INDICATOR.
   DRAWING A HEXAGON.
   DRAWING AN OBLIQUE CYLINDER.
   DRAWING AN OBLIQUE RECTANGLE.
   FISH TRAP.
   THE FOUR JAW INDEPENDENT CHUCK.
   THE HERMAPHRODITE CALIPER.
   HIDE PREPARATION.
   HORIZONTAL BELT LOOM.
   HUMAN BLOOD TYPING.
   MEASURING WITH SMALL HOLE AND TELESCOPE GAGES.
   THE MICROMETER DIAL GOES TO WORK.
   MOUNTING AND USING THE THREE JAW CHUCK.
   NAVAJO SAND PAINTING CEREMONY.
   NORTHUMBERLAND CHILDREN.
   PARFLECHE DECORATION.
   PHOTOSYNTHESIS: EFFECT OF TEMPERATURE.
   POTTERY DECORATION.
   POTTERY FIRING.
   POTTERY MAKING.
   PREPARING TO CHASE A THREAD.
   THE PROTRACTOR.
   PUYE CLIFF DWELLINGS.
   PUYE COMMUNITY HOUSE.
   READING A MICROMETER.
   READING THE VERNIER SCALE.
   SALMON BROILING.
   SALMON HARPOONING.
   SETTING UP WORK BETWEEN CENTERS.
   SHEEP HERDING.
   SPINNING WOOL.
   STONE BOILING.
   THE SURFACE GAGE.
   TAPPING A HOLE.
   THREADING WITH A DIE.
   TIPI RAISING.
   TRAVOIS MAKING.
   TULE BALSA BOAT BUILDING.
   TURNING A STEP USING THE COMPOUND.
   TURNING A TAPER BETWEEN CENTERS.
   TURNING A TAPER USING THE COMPOUND.
   UPRIGHT LOOM.
   USING A MICROMETER.
   THE VERNIER CALIPER AT WORK.

 Tomorrow Entertainment, Inc.
   LADY CAROLINE LAMB.

 Trapp, David R., Jr.
   AUGUST 12TH.

 Trasconta, S.A.
   THE SEX OF ANGELS.

 Treaty Indians of the Columbia, Inc.
   LITTLE WHITE SALMON INDIAN SETTLEMENT.

 Triangle Industries, Inc. Rowe International, Inc.
   SEE Rowe International, Inc.

 Triple Eight Corp.
   POPE JOAN.

 Tucker, B. J.
   THE BUILDERS.

 Tucker, E. H.
   THE BUILDERS.

 Tuttman, Peter Mark.
   THE PLAGUE.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   ALONG THE RAINBOW TRAIL. (R)
   BEHIND THE FOOTLIGHTS. (R)
   BILLY ROSE'S DIAMOND HORSESHOE. (R)
   BOUNTIFUL ALASKA. (R)
   CHINA CARRIES ON. (R)
   CLUNY BROWN. (R)
   CONQUEST OF THE PLANET OF THE APES.
   THE DARK CORNER. (R)
   DIVING DANDIES. (R)
   DO YOU LOVE ME. (R)
   THE DOLLY SISTERS. (R)
   DRAGONWYCK. (R)
   FALLEN ANGEL.
   GOLDEN HORSES. (R)
   HERE COMES THE CIRCUS. (R)
   THE HOUSE ON 92ND STREET. (R)
   JOHNNY COMES FLYING HOME. (R)
   LEAVE HER TO HEAVEN. (R)
   LOUISIANA SPRINGTIME. (R)
   MAGIC OF YOUTH. (R)
   MUSCLE MAULERS. (R)
   PINS AND CUSHIONS. (R)
   THE POSEIDON ADVENTURE.
   RENDEZVOUS 24. (R)
   SEA SIRENS. (R)
   SENTIMENTAL JOURNEY. (R)
   SKI ACES. (R)
   SOMEWHERE IN THE NIGHT. (R)
   SONG OF SUNSHINE. (R)
   THE SPIDER. (R)
   STATE FAIR. (R)
   STRANGE TRIANGLE. (R)
   TIME OUT FOR PLAY. (R)
   TROUBLE MAN.
   WELCOME HOME SOLDIER BOYS.
   WHEN THE LEGENDS DIE.
   A YANK IN LONDON. (R)


                                   U

 Ultra Film, S.P.A.
   ROMA.

 Unidyne Entertainment.
   THE CHALLENGE OF THE SALT.

 Unit 1 Film Productions.
   COLLISION DYNAMICS OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS.

 Unit One Film Productions, Inc.
   MEGAEVOLUTION.

 United Artists Corp.
   ACROSS 110TH STREET.
   ALONG CAME JONES. (R)
   AVANTI.
   THE BOA FRIEND.
   E TORNATO SABATA ... HAI CHIUSO UN ALTRA VOLTA.
   IT'S A PLEASURE. (R)
   LADY CAROLINE LAMB.
   NORTHERN VENTURE.
   ROMA.
   TOMORROW IS FOREVER. (R)
   WHAM AND EGGS.
   YOKAHAMA MAMA.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   ADVENTURES IN SOUTH AMERICA. (R)
   ALICE IN JUNGLELAND. (R)
   ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE. (R)
   ARABIANS IN THE ROCKIES. (R)
   ARE ANIMALS ACTORS. (R)
   BABY BOTTLENECK. (R)
   BEHIND THE MASK. (R)
   BOOK REVUE. (R)
   CAVALCADE OF ARCHERY. (R)
   CINDERELLA JONES. (R)
   DAFFY DOODLES. (R)
   DANGER SIGNAL. (R)
   DAYS OF 76. (R)
   DEVOTION. (R)
   DIXIELAND JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE EAGER BEAVER. (R)
   THE FACE OF MARBLE. (R)
   FACING YOUR DANGER. (R)
   FASHIONS FOR TOMORROW. (R)
   FEAR. (R)
   FIN'N FEATHERS. (R)
   FOREST COMMANDOS. (R)
   FROM HAND TO MOUSE. (R)
   FRONTIER DAYS. (R)
   GEM OF THE OCEAN. (R)
   GIRLS AND FLOWERS. (R)
   GOOD OLD CORN. (R)
   HAIR RAISING HARE. (R)
   HARE REMOVER. (R)
   HARE TONIC. (R)
   HAWAIIAN MEMORIES. (R)
   HEADLINE BANDS. (R)
   HER KIND OF MAN. (R)
   HITLER LIVES. (R)
   HOLIDAY FOR SHOESTRINGS. (R)
   HOLIDAY ON HORSEBACK. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD CANINE CANTEEN. (R)
   HOUSE TRICKS. (R)
   HUSH MY MOUSE. (R)
   IN OLD SANTA FE. (R)
   IT HAPPENED IN SPRINGFIELD. (R)
   JAN SAVITT & HIS BAND. (R)
   KLONDIKE CASANOVA. (R)
   LET'S GO GUNNING. (R)
   MEN OF TOMORROW. (R)
   MICHIGAN SKI DADDLE. (R)
   MILDRED PIERCE. (R)
   MOVIELAND MAGIC. (R)
   MUSIC OF THE AMERICAS. (R)
   MUSICAL SHIPMATES. (R)
   MY REPUTATION. (R)
   NASTY QUACKS. (R)
   PEEKS AT HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   PEEP IN THE DEEP. (R)
   QUENTIN QUAIL. (R)
   RHYTHM ON ICE. (R)
   SAN ANTONIO. (R)
   SARATOGA TRUNK. (R)
   SERVICE WITH A GUILE. (R)
   THE SHADOW RETURNS. (R)
   SMART AS A FOX. (R)
   SNOW EAGLES. (R)
   THREE STRANGERS. (R)
   TOO YOUNG TO KNOW. (R)
   UNDER WATER SPEAR FISHING. (R)
   WITH ROD AND GUN IN CANADA. (R)

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   THERE'S NO TIME FOR LOVE, CHARLIE BROWN.
   YOU'RE ELECTED, CHARLIE BROWN.

 United National Pictures, Inc.
   WICKED, WICKED.

 United Steelworkers of America.
   WHERE'S JOE.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   BANACEK.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   ELLERY QUEEN: DON'T LOOK BEHIND YOU.
   EVIL ROY SLADE.
   THE HARNESS.
   A HOWLING IN THE WOODS.
   THE IMPATIENT HEART.
   LOCK, STOCK AND BARREL.
   MCCLOUD.
   THE MAN AND THE CITY.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   MARRIAGE: YEAR ONE.
   ONCE UPON A DEAD MAN.
   OWEN MARSHALL, COUNSELOR AT LAW.
   THE PARTNERS.
   RANSOM FOR A DEAD MAN.
   RIVER OF MYSTERY.
   SAM HILL: WHO KILLED THE MYSTERIOUS MR. FOSTER.
   SARGE: THE BADGE OR THE CROSS.
   THE SIXTH SENSE.
   VANISHED.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka.
   SEE Emka.

 Universal Pictures.
   BEAR FACTS. (R)
   BECAUSE OF HIM. (R)
   THE DALTONS RIDE AGAIN. (R)
   DOCTOR OF PAINTINGS. (R)
   FRONTIER GAL. (R)
   GIRL ON THE SPOT. (R)
   GRAVE LAUGHTER. (R)
   GUN TOWN. (R)
   HOUSE OF DRACULA. (R)
   THE JOKERS.
   JUNGLE CAPERS. (R)
   THE LOOSE NUT. (R)
   MAESTROS OF THE COMICS. (R)
   MELODY STAMPEDE. (R)
   QUEER BIRDS. (R)
   SWING HIGH, SWING SWEET. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WORK IS A FOUR LETTER WORD.

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   BEAR FACTS. (R)
   BECAUSE OF HIM. (R)
   THE DALTONS RIDE AGAIN. (R)
   DOCTOR OF PAINTINGS. (R)
   FRONTIER GAL. (R)
   GIRL ON THE SPOT. (R)
   GRAVE LAUGHTER. (R)
   GUN TOWN. (R)
   HOUSE OF DRACULA. (R)
   JUNGLE CAPERS. (R)
   JUNGLE QUEEN. (R)
   THE LOOSE NUT. (R)
   LOST CITY OF THE JUNGLE. (R)
   MAESTROS OF THE COMICS. (R)
   THE MAN IN GREY. (R)
   THE MASTER KEY. (R)
   MELODY STAMPEDE. (R)
   QUEER BIRDS. (R)
   THE ROYAL MOUNTED RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   THE SCARLET HORSEMAN. (R)
   THE STRANGE AFFAIR OF UNCLE HARRY. (R)
   SWING HIGH, SWING SWEET. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)

 Universal - Public Arts Productions.
   ALIAS SMITH AND JONES.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   ONLY ONE DAY LEFT BEFORE TOMORROW.

 University of Illinois. Chicago Circle.
   EVOLVING TOWARD WOMAN.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
   THE DIE IS CAST.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio-Visual Education Center.
   THE DIE IS CAST.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Dept. of Mechanical Engineering.
   THE DIE IS CAST.

 University of Minnesota, Minneapolis.
   YOUTH, DRUGS, AND SOCIETY: DRUG SYMPTOMS AND FIRST AID.

 University of Minnesota, Minneapolis. Media Resources.
   YOUTH, DRUGS, AND SOCIETY: DRUG SYMPTOMS AND FIRST AID.

 University of North Carolina Television.
   TO CARRY ON THE WORK WHICH YOU BEGAN.

 University of Washington Press.
   OVULATION AND EGG TRANSPORT IN MAMMALS.

 University of Washington, Seattle. School of Medicine.
   OVULATION AND EGG TRANSPORT IN MAMMALS.

 Upjohn Co.
   UPJOHN TODAY.


                                   V

 Viacom International, Inc.
   THE FOX AND THE DUCK. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN THE EXTERMINATOR. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN WHO'S WHO IN THE JUNGLE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE AND THE WOLF. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN GYPSY LIFE. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE IN KRAKATOA. (R)
   MIGHTY MOUSE MEETS BAD BILL BUNION. (R)
   THE MOSQUITO. (R)
   SWOONING THE SWOONERS. (R)
   THE WATCHDOG. (R)

 Vides Cinematografica, S.A.S.
   LA TENDA ROSSA.

 Vision Associates, Inc.
   WHAT WILL BARBARA DO.
   WHAT WILL BERNARD DO.
   WHAT WILL CARL DO.
   WHAT WILL CHRISTY DO.
   WHAT WILL JONATHAN DO.
   WHAT WILL KATHY DO.
   WHAT WILL KEVIN DO.
   WHAT WILL LINDA DO.
   WHAT WILL MARY AND NANCY DO.
   WHAT WILL PATTY DO.
   WHAT WILL PETE DO.
   WHAT WILL RAMONA DO.
   WHAT WILL RAY DO.
   WHAT WILL SKIP DO.
   WHAT WILL TED DO.

 Visual Education, Inc.
   ALFENIQUE HOUSE AT PUEBLA.
   ANIMALS FROM A FRESH-WATER STREAM.
   ANIMALS FROM A SALT-WATER AQUARIUM.
   THE CATHEDRAL AT PUEBLA.
   THE CHURCH OF NUESTRA SENORA DE EUNATE, SPAIN.
   CHURCH OF SAN FRANCISCO AT ACATEPEC, FRANCISCAN CHURCH, ABOUT 1970.
   DAY AND NIGHT.
   ENERGY MAKES IT MOVE.
   EXPERIMENTS WITH COLD.
   EXPERIMENTS WITH MAGNETISM.
   EXPERIMENTS WITH WATER.
   HOW ANIMALS MOVE ON LAND.
   HOW TO CARE FOR A FRESH-WATER AQUARIUM.
   HOW TO SET UP A DESERT TERRARIUM.
   HOW TO SET UP A FOREST TERRARIUM.
   HOW TO SET UP A SWAMP TERRARIUM.
   HOW TO SET UP AN ANT FARM.
   HOW TO SET UP AN AQUARIUM.
   HOW TO SET UP AND CARE FOR AN EARTHWORM FARM.
   KINDS OF EYES.
   LARGE ANIMALS AND SMALL ANIMALS.
   MANY KINDS OF EARS.
   MANY KINDS OF FARM ANIMALS.
   MANY KINDS OF FLOWERS.
   MANY KINDS OF SEEDS.
   MANY TYPES OF FEET.
   MANY WAYS TO BREATHE.
   MANY WAYS TO EAT.
   MANY WAYS TO TOUCH.
   MILK COMES FROM COWS.
   MORE MOTION REQUIRES MORE ENERGY.
   THE PLACE OF HERNAN CORTES AT CUERNAVACA.
   THE PORTA NIGRA AT TRIER, GERMANY.
   THE PYRAMID OF TENAYUCA.
   THE PYRAMID OF THE MOON AND ADJOINING PLAZA AT TEOTIHUACAN.
   THE PYRAMID OF THE SUN AND SURROUNDING AREA TEOTIHUACAN.
   THE ROMAN BASILICA AT TRIER.
   THE SOUTH SIDE OF THE CATHEDRAL AT JACA, SPAIN.
   THE STORY OF PEANUT BUTTER.
   TEOTIHUCAN [i.e. TEOTIHUACAN]
   THIS IS GRAVITY.
   WE GET EGGS FROM CHICKENS.
   WHAT COLOR IS IT.

 Visual Learning Corp.
   CONIC SECTIONS.
   CONIC SECTIONS: ELLIPSE.
   CONIC SECTIONS: HYPERBOLA.
   CONIC SECTIONS: PARABOLA.
   INDETERMINATE FORMS.
   NEWTON'S METHOD.
   TAYLOR SERIES I.
   TAYLOR SERIES II.

 Visual Projects, Ltd.
   KARL MENNINGER ON PSYCHIATRY.

 Visualscope, Inc.
   THE BOTTOM LINE.
   THE OTHER HALF OF THE PROFIT PIE.
   RECORDS TO RICHES.
   SAFETY IS NO ACCIDENT.

 Vitaphone Corp.
   ADVENTURES IN SOUTH AMERICA. (R)
   ALICE IN JUNGLELAND. (R)
   ALL STAR MUSICAL REVUE. (R)
   ARABIANS IN THE ROCKIES. (R)
   BABY BOTTLENECK. (R)
   BOOK REVUE. (R)
   CAVALCADE OF ARCHERY. (R)
   DAFFY DOODLES. (R)
   DAYS OF 76. (R)
   DIXIELAND JAMBOREE. (R)
   THE EAGER BEAVER. (R)
   FACING YOUR DANGER. (R)
   FASHIONS FOR TOMORROW. (R)
   FIN'N FEATHERS. (R)
   FOREST COMMANDOS. (R)
   FROM HAND TO MOUSE. (R)
   FRONTIER DAYS. (R)
   GEM OF THE OCEAN. (R)
   GIRLS AND FLOWERS. (R)
   GOOD OLD CORN. (R)
   HAIR RAISING HARE. (R)
   HARE REMOVER. (R)
   HARE TONIC. (R)
   HAWAIIAN MEMORIES. (R)
   HEADLINE BANDS. (R)
   HITLER LIVES. (R)
   HOLIDAY FOR SHOESTRINGS. (R)
   HOLIDAY ON HORSEBACK. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD CANINE CANTEEN. (R)
   HUSH MY MOUSE. (R)
   IN OLD SANTA FE. (R)
   IT HAPPENED IN SPRINGFIELD. (R)
   JAN SAVITT & HIS BAND. (R)
   LET'S GO GUNNING. (R)
   MEN OF TOMORROW. (R)
   MICHIGAN SKI DADDLE. (R)
   MOVIELAND MAGIC. (R)
   MUSIC OF THE AMERICAS. (R)
   MUSICAL SHIPMATES. (R)
   NASTY QUACKS. (R)
   PEEKS AT HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   QUENTIN QUAIL. (R)
   RHYTHM ON ICE. (R)
   SMART AS A FOX. (R)
   SNOW EAGLES. (R)
   UNDER WATER SPEAR FISHING. (R)
   WITH ROD AND GUN IN CANADA. (R)

 Vocational Industrial Clubs of America, Inc.
   VICA: GOING PLACES.

 Voice & Vision Productions, Inc.
   SOBRE UN VOLCAN.


                                   W

 WTVI-TV (Television station), Charlotte, N.C.
   SOMEONE HAS TO LISTEN.

 Wadleigh-Maurice, Ltd.
   WOODSTOCK.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   LOVE LETTERS. (R)
   THE SEARCHING WIND.

 Warner Bros., Inc.
   THE CANDIDATE.
   COME BACK CHARLESTON BLUE.
   THE COWBOYS.
   DEALING: OR THE BERKELEY-TO-BOSTON FORTY-BRICK LOST-BAG BLUES.
   DEATH IN VENICE.
   DELIVERANCE.
   THE DEVILS.
   DIRTY HARRY.
   GET TO KNOW YOUR RABBIT.
   KLUTE.
   MCCABE & MRS. MILLER.
   MALCOLM X.
   MAN IN THE WILDERNESS.
   MEDICINE BALL CARAVAN.
   THE OMEGA MAN.
   PORTNOY'S COMPLAINT.
   SNOW JOB.
   SUMMER OF '42.
   SUPER FLY.
   THX 1138.
   TASTE THE BLOOD OF DRACULA.
   WHAT'S UP, DOC.
   WHEN DINOSAURS RULED THE EARTH.
   WOODSTOCK.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   ARE ANIMALS ACTORS. (R)
   THE BUGS BUNNY SHOW.
   CINDERELLA JONES. (R)
   DANGER SIGNAL. (R)
   DEVOTION. (R)
   THE FBI.
   HER KIND OF MAN. (R)
   INSIDE DAISY CLOVER. (R)
   MILDRED PIERCE. (R)
   MY REPUTATION. (R)
   SAN ANTONIO. (R)
   SARATOGA TRUNK. (R)
   THREE STRANGERS. (R)
   TOO YOUNG TO KNOW. (R)

 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.
   CRESCENDO.
   DRACULA HAS RISEN FROM THE GRAVE.
   FRANKENSTEIN MUST BE DESTROYED.
   MOON ZERO TWO.
   START THE REVOLUTION WITHOUT ME.

 Warner Communications Co.
   PORTNOY'S COMPLAINT.

 Weck (Edward) & Co., Inc.
   SUTURELESS HEMORRHOIDECTOMY.

 Weiner, Lawrence.
   A FIRST QUARTER.

 Weitman (Robert M.) Productions.
   SHAMUS.

 Wheat Commission, North Dakota.
   SEE North Dakota. Wheat Commission.

 White, Elwyn Brooks.
   CHARLOTTE'S WEB.

 Whiting, John.
   THE DEVILS.

 Whiton, James.
   DR. PHIBES RISES AGAIN.

 Wilderness Film Productions, Ltd.
   MAN IN THE WILDERNESS.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   ACHIEVING SEXUAL MATURITY.
   CONTRACEPTION.
   CUP TO LIP: THE ORIGINS OF INSTRUMENTAL ACTION.
   EARLY WORDS: ACTION AND THE STRUCTURE OF LANGUAGE.
   THE EVERGLADES REGION: AN ECOLOGICAL STUDY.
   THE INTENTION TO TAKE: THE INFANCY OF OBJECT CAPTURE.
   KARL MENNINGER ON PSYCHIATRY.
   THE SEXUALLY MATURE ADULT.
   VENEREAL DISEASE.

 Winevision, Inc.
   COMPLETE GUIDE TO WINE.
   A VIDEO GUIDE TO WINE.

 Winn, Marie.
   WHY WE HAVE ELECTIONS.

 Withers, Brian Gary.
   CHALK ONE UP FOR LIFE.

 Wolf, Joan Marie.
   VISITATION.

 Wolper Productions.
   STRANGE CREATURES OF THE NIGHT.
   THE VIOLENT EARTH.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   FAMILY.
   OTHERS.

 World Arts Media Film Productions Associates (UK) Ltd.
   BLACK GUNN.

 World Assembly of Youth.
   SOBRE UN VOLCAN.

 World Film Services, Ltd.
   BLACK GUNN.

 Worth (Marvin) Productions.
   MALCOLM X.

 Wrather Corp.
   LASSIE.


                                   Y

 Yale University.
   VESALIUS, FOUNDER OF MODERN ANATOMY.

 Yale University. School of Medicine.
   VESALIUS, FOUNDER OF MODERN ANATOMY.

 Year Book Medical Publishers, Inc.
   CLOSED CUFF METHOD OF GOWNING AND GLOVING.
   INTERMITTENT POSITIVE PRESSURE BREATHING.
   PREOPERATIVE SURGICAL SCRUB.


                                   Z

 Zenith International Pictures Corp.
   NECROMANCY.

 Zimmer U.S.A.
   TECHNIQUE OF POLYCENTRIC-TYPE KNEE ARTHROPLASTY.

 Zimmerman, Vernon.
   UNHOLY ROLLERS.




                      Catalog of Copyright Entries

                             _Third Series_


                                                          ISSN 0090–8371

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_
                    Volume 27, Parts 12–13, Number 2




                            Motion Pictures
                             July-December
                                  1973


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

               COPYRIGHT OFFICE • THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1974




                  Library of Congress card no.
                  6–35347.

                  This number identifies the Library
                  of Congress printed card for the
                  complete series of the _Catalog of
                  Copyright Entries_.

                  ISSN 0090–8371 Key title: Catalog of
                  copyright entries. Third series.
                  Parts 12–13. Motion pictures.

                  For sale by the Superintendent of
                  Documents, U.S. Government Printing
                  Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.
                  Price of this part is given on page
                  vi.




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual or annual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $75 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20559.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

   P Domestic published works in classes for which registration is
       possible for either published or unpublished works. (EP, JP)

   U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                         _Price per
                                                      semiannual issue_

   Part 1    Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials
               and Contributions to Periodicals (In
               2 sections).                                       $10.00

      A      Books

     BB      Contributions to periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 2    Periodicals                             (Annual issue) 6.00

      B      Periodicals

      R      Renewal registrations

  Parts 3–4  Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
               Delivery                                             3.00

      C      Lectures and other works prepared for
               oral delivery

      D      Dramatic or dramatico-musical works

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 5    Music (In 2 sections)                                 10.00

      E      Musical compositions

      R      Renewal registrations

   Part 6    Maps and Atlases                                       3.00

      F      Maps

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 7–11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of
               Art, Scientific and Technical
               Drawings, Photographic Works, Prints
               and Pictorial Illustrations                         $3.00

      G      Works of art and models or designs for
               works of art

      H      Reproductions of works of art

      I      Drawings or sculptural works of a
               scientific or technical character

      J      Photographs

      K      Prints and pictorial illustrations

      R      Renewal registrations

  Part 11B   Commercial Prints and Labels            (Annual issue) 5.00

     KK      Commercial prints and labels

      R      Renewal registrations

 Parts 12–13 Motion Pictures                                        3.00

      L      Motion-picture photoplays

      M      Motion pictures other than photoplays

      R      Renewal registrations




Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the year $75.00; $18.75
additional for foreign mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
should be addressed to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S. Government
Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations   71
                       Renewal Registrations  107
                       Index                  121




                              Introduction


Parts 12–13 list all registrations made in classes L and M for the
period covered by this issue. The main entries are listed in order by
registration number with an index from names and titles associated with
the work to the registration number.

The main entries include, when applicable, the following information
derived from the work and application.

1. Title, followed by subtitle and/or descriptive statements. The
authorship of the work is included in this statement, with the nature of
authorship (if available).

2. Edition statement.

3. Country of publication for works registered as foreign or as ad
interim works.

4. Label name and number for registered sound recordings.

5. Physical description of the deposit.

6. Series statement.

7. Additional titles associated with the registered work such as variant
titles, alternative titles, translated titles, etc.

8. Notes; information is given here which serves to supplement the data
that is given elsewhere in the entry in order to describe a work more
accurately or identify it more explicitly.

9. Statement that the registered work is published in or as part of
another work, or is bound with another independent work.

10. Names of authors given in the application which do not appear
elsewhere in the entry.

11. Statement of those materials contained in the registered work on
which copyright is not claimed, when so stated in the application.

12. Information contained in the application which relates to the
registration of an earlier version of the work.

13. Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed when
so stated in the application.

14. Copyright symbol © or ℗.

15. A statement of limitation of claim if the application or notice on
the work explicitly limits the claim.

16. Name of the copyright claimant.

17. Date of publication for published works; for unpublished works the
date on which the last of all items required to complete registration
(i.e., copy, application, and fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

18. Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or the date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © John Doe; 11Aug73 (in
notice: 1972).

For renewal registrations the original date of publication and
registration number precede the name of the claimant of the renewal
registration. Following the name of the renewal claimant is a statement
in parentheses, usually abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal
claim as supplied by the application; e.g., “John Doe (A)” indicates
that John Doe has made renewal claim as author.

The index consists of names and titles associated with the registered
works interfiled word by word in a single alphabet. The index term is
followed by the registration number of the work(s) with which that term
is associated. Index terms beginning with numerals will be filed
alphabetically, spelled as they would be spoken.

Works deposited in connection with current copyright registrations may
be selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.




                    Registrations July-December 1973


 Class L—  Domestic published motion-picture photoplays              558

           Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                 4

           Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                      10

 Class M—  Domestic published motion pictures other than
             photoplays                                              597

           Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays         213

                                                                   —————

                               Total                               1,382

                                                                   =====

 Renewals: Classes L and M                                         1,186

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
for July-December 1973, but do not necessarily represent the exact
number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.
Registration figures for other classes of material may be found in the
respective parts.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 acc.             accompaniment

 Adm.c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm.d.b.n.c.t.a. Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 approx.          approximate, approximately

 arr.             arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.            Auflage

 augm.            augmented

 Ausg.            Ausgabe

 b&w              black and white

 Bd.              Band (German)

 bearb.           bearbeitet

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 ca.              circa

 chap.            chapter(s)

 col.             colored

 comp.            compiler

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 enl.             enlarged

 fr.              frames

 ft.              feet

 hrsg.            herausgegeben

 illus.           illustration(s)

 m                music, music by

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 no.              number(s)

 nouv.            nouveau, nouvelle

 op.              opus

 p.               page(s)

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 print.           printing

 priv. print.     privately printed

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pty.             proprietary

 pub.             published, publishing

 R, (R)           renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 ser.             series

 si.              silent

 suppl.           supplement

 t.               tome, tomo

 T., Th.          Teil, Theil

 t.a.             trading as

 t.p.             title page

 tr.              translator

 v., vol.         volume, volumes

 w                words, words by

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                            MOTION PICTURES




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list of domestic and foreign motion pictures registered during the
period covered by this issue, arranged by registration number.




                                   LF
                             REGISTRATIONS


LF120.

Fear is the key. Anglo-EMI Film Distributors, Ltd. Made by K. L. K.
Productions, Ltd. England. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
novel by Alistair Maclean. © Anglo-EMI Film Distributors, Ltd.; 7Dec72;
LF120.


LF121.

They came to rob LasVegas. 127 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Techniscope.
Based upon a novel by Andre Lay. © Isasi-Capitole-Eichberg-Franca;
21Dec68 (in notice: 1967–1968); LF121.


LF122.

The Act of the heart. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Quest Film
Productions, Ltd.; 24Sep70 (in notice: 1969); LF122.


LF123.

And hope to die. A Greenwich Film Production. France. 140 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel, Black Friday, by David Goodis. ©
Greenwich Film Production; 19Nov72; LF123.




                                   LP
                             REGISTRATIONS


LP42375.

Preparatory techniques for Gravlee Jet Washer endometrial specimens.
Upjohn Company. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Upjohn Company;
4Jun73; LP42375.


LP42376.

Diabetes: Special problems in the older patient. Upjohn Company. 22
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Upjohn Vanguard of Medicine) © The Upjohn
Company; 4Jun73; LP42376.


LP42377.

Lucy's vacation. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 4Jan71 (in notice:
1970); LP42377.


LP42378.

Lucy and the 20–20 vision. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 11Jan71
(in notice: 1970); LP42378.


LP42379.

Lucy and the raffle. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 18Jan71 (in
notice: 1970); LP42379.


LP42380.

Lucy's houseguest, Harry. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 25Jan71
(in notice: 1970); LP42380.


LP42381.

Lucy and Alladin's lamp. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 1Feb71 (in
notice: 1970); LP42381.


LP42382.

Lucy and Carol Burnett. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 8Feb71 (in
notice: 1970); LP42382.


LP42383.

Lucy goes Hawaiian. Pt. 1. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 15Feb71
(in notice: 1970); LP42383.


LP42384.

Lucy goes Hawaiian. Pt. 2. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 22Feb71
(in notice: 1970); LP42384.


LP42385.

Lucy meets the Burtons. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 14Sep70;
LP42385.


LP42386.

Lucy, the skydiver. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 21Sep70; LP42386.


LP42387.

Lucy and Sammy Davis, Jr. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 28Sep70;
LP42387.


LP42388.

Lucy and the drum contest. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 5Oct70;
LP42388.


LP42389.

Lucy, the crusader. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 12Oct70; LP42389.


LP42390.

Lucy, the coed. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 19Oct70; LP42390.


LP42391.

Lucy, the American mother. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 26Oct70;
LP42391.


LP42392.

Lucy's wedding party. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 2Nov70;
LP42392.


LP42393.

Lucy cuts Vincent's price. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 9Nov70;
LF42393.


LP42394.

Lucy and the diamond cutter. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
16Nov70; LP42394.


LP42395.

Lucy and Jack Benny's biography. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
23Nov70; LP42395.


LP42396.

Lucy and Rudy Vallee. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 30Nov70;
LP42396.


LP42397.

Lucy loses her cool. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 7Dec70; LP42397.


LP42398.

Lucy, part time wife. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 14Dec70;
LP42398.


LP42399.

Lucy and Ma Parker. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 21Dec70; LP42399.


LP42400.

Lucy stops a marriage. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 28Dec70;
LP42400.


LP42401.

Roundup. Lassie Television, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire of Robert Schaefer & Eric
Freiwald. © Lassie Television, Inc.; 10Jan72; LP42401.


LP42402.

The Dream seeker. Lassie Television, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire of Robert Schaefer
& Eric Freiwald. © Lassie Television, Inc.; 17Jan72; LP42402.


LP42403.

Peace is our profession. Pt. 2. Lassie Television, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire of
Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © Lassie Television, Inc.; 31Jan72;
LP42403.


LP42404.

Peace is our profession. Pt. 4. Lassie Television, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire of
Robert Schaefer & Eric Freiwald. © Lassie Television, Inc.; 14Feb72;
LP42404.


LP42405.

Circle of life. Lassie Television, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Lassie Television, Inc., employer for hire of Robert Schaefer
& Eric Freiwald. © Lassie Television, Inc.; 6Mar72; LP42405.


LP42406.

Just for fun. Robert F. Lyons. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Robert F.
Lyons; 4May73; LP42406.


LP42407.

Ella. Orchid Films, Ltd. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: George
Wilkins, Jr. © Orchid Films, Ltd.; 4Jun73; LP42407.


LP42408.

Spring: Detroit. Ray Pointer. 20 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ray Pointer;
20Mar73; LP42408.


LP42409.

Spring. Ray Pointer. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Ray Pointer; 20Mar73;
LP42409.


LP42410.

Paper moon. The Directors Company. 108 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. A Saticoy
production. Based on the novel, Addie Pray, by Joe David Brown. ©
Paramount Pictures Corporation; 20Mar73; LP42410.


LP42411.

Joe Hill. Sagittarius Productions, Inc. 118 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Appl. au.: Bo Widerberg Film. © Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 25Aug71;
LP42411.


LP42412.

The Friends of Eddie Coyle. Paramount Pictures Corporation. 102 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by George V. Higgins.
© Paramount Pictures Corporation; 6Jun73; LP42412.


LP42413.

Oklahoma crude. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. 112 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 14Jun73;
LP42413.


LP42414.

The Hireling. World Film Services, Ltd. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on the novel by L. P. Hartley. © World Film Services,
Ltd.; 10Jun73; LP42414.


LP42415.

40 carats. Frankovich Productions, Inc. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From a play by Barillet & Gredy. © Frankovich Productions, Inc.;
28Jun73; LP42415.


LP42416.

Why we need each other; or, The Animals' picnic day. Learning Company of
America. Made by Stephen Bosutow Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Adapted from the book, The Animals' peace day, by Jan Wahl. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 11May73 (in notice: 1972); LP42416.


LP42417.

The Fur coat club. Learning Company of America. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. An Omaha / Orange film. © Learning Company of America, a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 24May73; LP42417.


LP42418.

The McCreedy bust. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 21Jan71; LP42418.


LP42419.

Exit from Wickenburg. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 28Jan71; LP42419.


LP42420.

Wrong train to Brimstone. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 4Feb71; LP42420.


LP42421.

The Girl in boxcar number 3. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public
Arts Productions; 11Feb71; LP42421.


LP42422.

The Great shell game. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 18Feb71; LP42422.


LP42423.

Return to Devil's Hole. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 25Feb71; LP42423.


LP42424.

A Fistful of diamonds. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 4Mar71; LP42424.


LP42425.

Stagecoach seven. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 11Mar71; LP42425.


LP42426.

The Man who murdered himself. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public
Arts Productions; 18Mar71; LP42426.


LP42427.

The Root of it all. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 25Mar71; LP42427.


LP42428.

The 5th victim. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 1Apr71; LP42428.


LP42429.

Journey from San Juan. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 8Apr71; LP42429.


LP42430.

Never trust an honest man. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public Arts
Productions; 15Apr71; LP42430.


LP42431.

The Legacy of Charlie O'Rourke. Universal - Public Arts Productions. 53
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) © Universal - Public
Arts Productions; 22Apr71; LP42431.


LP42432.

From a shoestring. American Management Association. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Fundamentals of finance and accounting for nonfinancial
managers) © American Management Association; 15Mar70; LP42432.


LP42433.

A Decade plus two. American Management Association. 15 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Fundamentals of finance and accounting for nonfinancial
managers) © American Management Association; 15Mar70; LP42433.


LP42434.

The Advent of Fergus. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting Systems, Inc.; 8Sep71;
LP42434.


LP42435.

Fergus for sale. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Sep71;
LP42435.


LP42436.

Lady Douglas. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Sep71; LP42436.


LP42437.

Goodbye, Fergus. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Sep71;
LP42437.


LP42438.

Polly, the pigeon. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Oct71;
LP42438.


LP42439.

Happy birthday, anyway. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
26Oct71; LP42439.


LP42440.

Proxy parents. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Nov71; LP42440.


LP42441.

The Enthusiast. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Nov71;
LP42441.


LP42442.

Katie's career. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Nov71;
LP42442.


LP42443.

Peanuts. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (My
three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12Feb72; LP42443.


LP42444.

Bad day for Barbara. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Mar72;
LP42444.


LP42445.

The Birth of Arfie. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Mar72;
LP42445.


LP42446.

Whatever happened to Ernie? Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
7Apr72; LP42446.


LP42447.

TV triplets. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LP42447.


LP42448.

Three for school. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42448.


LP42449.

Alfred. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (My
three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LP42449.


LP42450.

Buttons and beaux. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42450.


LP42451.

Bad day for Steve. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42451.


LP42452.

Second banana. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Feb72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42452.


LP42453.

Lonesome Katie. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42453.


LP42454.

Barbara lost. Don Fedderson Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(My three sons) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 31Mar72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42454.


LP42455.

Green fingers. The Funeral. The Tune in Dan's Cafe. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Jan73 (in notice: 1971); LP42455.


LP42456.

The Boy who predicted earthquakes. Miss Lovecraft sent me. The Hand of
Borgus Weems. The Phantom of what opera? Universal City Studios, Inc. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 15Sep71; LP42456.


LP42457.

A Death in the family. The Merciful. The Class of '99. Satisfaction
guaranteed. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 22Sep71;
LP42457.


LP42458.

Since Aunt Ada came to stay. With apologies to Mr. Hyde. The Flip side
of Satan. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod
Serling's night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Sep71;
LP42458.


LP42459.

A Fear of spiders. Junior. Marmalade wine. The Academy. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Oct71; LP42459.


LP42460.

A Question of fear. The devil is not mocked. Universal City Studios,
Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Oct71; LP42460.


LP42461.

Midnight never ends. Brenda. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal City Studios,
Inc.; 3Nov71; LP42461.


LP42462.

The Diary. A Matter of semantics. The Big surprise. Professor Peabody's
last lecture. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Nov71;
LP42462.


LP42463.

House with ghost. A Midnight visit to the neighborhood blood bank.
Doctor Stringfellow's rejuvenator. Hell's bells. Universal City Studios,
Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Nov71; LP42463.


LP42464.

The Dark boy. Keep in touch—we'll think of something. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Nov71; LP42464.


LP42465.

Pickman's model. The Dear departed. An Act of chivalry. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Dec71; LP42465.


LP42466.

Cool air. Camera obscura. Quoth the raven. Universal City Studios, Inc.
53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 8Dec71; LP42466.


LP42467.

The Messiah on Mott Street. The Painted mirror. Universal City Studios,
Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Dec71; LP42467.


LP42468.

The Different ones. Tell David. Logoda's heads. Universal City Studios,
Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 29Dec71; LP42468.


LP42469.

Lindemann's catch. The Late Mister Peddington. A Feast of blood.
Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's
night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Jan72; LP42469.


LP42470.

A Miracle at Camafeo. The Ghost of Sorworth Place. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Jan72; LP42470.


LF42471.

The Waiting room. Last rights for a dead druid. Universal City Studios,
Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Jan72; LP42471.


LP42472.

Deliveries in the rear. Stop killing me. Dead weight. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Feb72; LP42472.


LP42473.

I'll never leave you—ever. There aren't anymore McBanes. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Feb72; LP42473.


LP42474.

The Sins of the fathers. You can't get help like that anymore. Universal
City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Feb72; LP42474.


LP42475.

The Caterpillar. Little girl lost. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Rod Serling's night gallery) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 1Mar72; LP42475.


LP42476.

Seal on the loose. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 9Feb70; LP42476.


LP42477.

Wild Bill Hiccup. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd. color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 6Apr70; LP42477.


LP42478.

The Unhandy man. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 1Sep70; LP42478.


LP42479.

Reluctant recruit. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 1Mar71; LP42479.


LP42480.

Charlie, the rainmaker. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 5Apr71; LP42480.


LP42481.

How to trap a woodpecker. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm.
© Universal Pictures; 3May71; LP42481.


LP42482.

Airlift a la carte. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 7Jun71; LP42482.


LP42483.

Chilly's hideaway. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 4Oct71; LP42483.


LP42484. Moochin pooch. Universal Pictures. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 6Dec71; LP42484.


LP42485.

Up the sandbox. First Artists Production Company, Ltd. & Barwood Films,
Ltd. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Anne Richardson
Roiphe. © National General Pictures Corporation, the First Artists
Production Company, Ltd. & Barwood Films, Ltd.; 1Nov72; LP42485.


LP42486.

Patrick. Weston Woods. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the book written
& illustrated by Quentin Blake. Appl. au.: Morton Schindel. © Weston
Woods; 25May73; LP42486.


LP42487.

All gold canyon. Weston Woods. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Freely
adapted from the story by Jack London. Appl. au.: Morton Schindel. ©
Weston Woods; 25May73; LP42487.


LP42488.

Goldnavel. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Ray Pointer. © Ray
Pointer; 29Mar73; LP42488.


LP42489.

Stacey. The Sidaris Company. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © The Sidaris
Company; 1Jun73; LP42489.


LP42490.

Le Ballet mecanique. 1 reel, si., b&w, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Mechanical
ballet. NM: editorial revision & new introduction. © Film Archives
Company (in notice: Film Archives); 1Feb73; LP42490.


LP42491.

Live and let die. Danjaq, S. A. 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Danjaq,
S. A.; 13Mar73; LP42491.


LP42492.

The Life and times of Judge Roy Bean. 120 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Appl. au.: Coletown Productions, Inc. © National General
Pictures Corporation, the First Artists Production Company, Ltd. &
Coletown Productions, Inc.; 1Ju172; LP42492.


LP42493.

Apache on the county seat. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Produced in association with the Mirisch Cinema Company,
Inc. (Hoot Kloot) © United Artists Corporation; 16Jun73 (in notice:
1972); LP42493.


LP42494.

The Shoe must go on. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot) Produced in association with the Mirisch Cinema
Company, Inc. © United Artists Corporation; 16May73; LP42494.


LP42495.

Blue aces wild. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(The Blue Racer) Produced in association with the Mirisch Cinema
Company, Inc. © United Artists Corporation; 16May73; LP42495.


LP42496.

Killarney blarney. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (The Blue Racer) Produced in association with the Mirisch Cinema
Company, Inc. © United Artists Corporation; 16May73; LP42496.


LP42497.

Fowl play. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The
Blue Racer) Produced in association with the Mirisch Cinema Company,
Inc. © United Artists Corporation; 1Jun73; LP42497.


LP42498.

Freeze a jolly good fellow. United Artists Corporation. 7 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (The Blue Racer) Produced in association with Mirisch
Cinema Company, Inc. © United Artists Corporation; 1Jun73; LP42498.


LP42499.

Short fuse. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
LP42499.


LP42500.

Blueprint for murder. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Feb72; LP42500.


LP42501.

An Accident waiting to happen. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 1Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42501.


LP42502.

Napoleon never wanted to be a cop. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 8Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42502.


LP42503.

Murder by the book. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Sep71; LP42503.


LP42504.

Death lends a hand. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Oct71; LP42504.


LP42505.

Dead weight. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Oct71; LP42505.


LP42506.

Suitable for framing. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Nov71; LP42506.


LP42507.

Lady in waiting. Universal City Studios, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Columbo) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Dec71; LP42507.


LP42508.

A Terminal case of vengence. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 18Sep71; LP42508.


LP42509.

Ring out, ring in. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Sep71; LP42509.


LP42510.

Psst! Wanna buy a dirty picture? Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Oct71;
LP42510.


LP42511.

Identity crisis. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Oct71; LP42511.


LP42512.

A Push over the edge. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Oct71; LP42512.


LP42513.

John Michael O'Flaherty presents the eleven o'clock war. Universal City
Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 30Oct71; LP42513.


LP42514.

The Silent target. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 6Nov71; LP42514.


LP42515.

Quicksilver. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Nov71; LP42515.


LP42516.

A Bad case of monogamy. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 20Nov71; LP42516.


LP42517.

The Combatants. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 27Nov71; LP42517.


LP42518.

A Company of victims. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
35 mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Dec71; LP42518.


LP42519.

Party to the crime. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Sarge) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Dec71; LP42519.


LP42520.

The Emigrants. A Svensk Filmindustri production. 151 min., sd., color,
35 mm. From a novel by Vilhelm Moberg. Prev. pub. 8Mar71. NM: revisions
& additions. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 24Sep72; LP42520.


LP42521.

Mike comes into money. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Oct72 (in notice: 1973);
LP42521.


LP42522.

Archie learns his lesson. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Mar73 (in notice: 1972);
LP42522.


LP42523.

Archie in the hospital. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 2Jan73; LP42523.


LP42524.

Archie goes too far. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 22Jan73; LP42524.


LP42525.

The Battle of the month. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Mar73; LP42525.


LP42526.

Gloria, the victim. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Mar73; LP42526.


LP42527.

Everybody tells the truth. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Feb73; LP42527.


LP42528.

Archie is branded. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Feb73; LP42528.


LP42529.

The Hot watch. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Feb73; LP42529.


LP42530.

Oh, say can you see? Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 15Jan73; LP42530.


LP42531.

Class reunion. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Feb73; LP42531.


LP42532.

Archie's fraud. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 18Sep72; LP42532.


LP42533.

Lionel steps out. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 9Oct72; LP42533.


LP42534.

Flashback: Mike and Gloria's wedding. Pt. 2. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do
part, created by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 13Nov72;
LP42534.


LP42535.

Edith flips her wig. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
(All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Oct72; LP42535.


LP42536.

Archie and the editorial. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 11Sep72; LP42536.


LP42537.

Mike's appendix. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All
in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny
Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Nov72; LP42537.


LP42538.

Gloria and the riddle. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 2Oct72; LP42538.


LP42539.

Archie and the bowling team. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 11Dec72; LP42539.


LP42540.

The Threat. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All in
the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny Speight. ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 25Sep72; LP42540.


LP42541.

The Bunkers and the swingers. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created
by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 23Oct72; LP42541.


LP42542.

The Locket. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All in
the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by Johnny Speight. ©
Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Nov72; LP42542.


LP42543.

Flashback: Mike and Gloria's wedding. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part,
created by Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Nov72; LP42543.


LP42544.

Edith's winning ticket. Tandem Productions, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (All in the family) Based on Till death us do part, created by
Johnny Speight. © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 4Dec72; LP42544.


LP42545.

More. Davidson Films, Inc. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Davidson Films,
Inc.; 1Apr73; LP42545.


LP42546.

Whatever is fun. Davidson Films, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Davidson Films, Inc.; 1Apr73; LP42546.


LP42547.

Super Fly T. N. T. Superfly, Ltd. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Superfly, Ltd.; 11Jun73; LP42547.


LP42548.

The Three ages. Raymond Rohauer. 1 reel, si., b&w, 16 mm. NM:
condensation. © Raymond Rohauer; 13Jan72; LP42548.


LP42549.

The Bridge. Film Archives Company. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on a
story by Ambrose Bierce. NM: editorial revisions & new English titles. ©
Film Archives Company; 1Apr72; LP42549.


LP42550.

Last tango in Paris. Produzioni Europee Associate, S. A. S. & Les
Productions Artistes Associes, S. A. 129 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 6Oct72; LP42550.


LP42551.

Man of La Mancha. Produzioni Europee Associate. 132 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Based on the musical play by Dale Wasserman. © United Artists
Corporation; 24Nov72; LP42551.


LP42552.

Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer. Reader's Digest. Made by APJAC International.
99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation; 15Mar73;
LP42552.


LP42553.

Only three to a bed. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 13Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42553.


LP42554.

Operation: XW–1. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 6Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42554.


LP42555.

Operation: Deathwatch. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 20Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42555.


LP42556.

Operation: Rake off. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 10Feb72; LP42556.


LP42557.

Operation: Good citizen. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 2Mar72; LP42557.


LP42558.

Operation: Mr. Felix. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 17Feb72; LP42558.


LP42559.

Operation: Lady Luck. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 13Jan72; LP42559.


LP42560.

Operation: Smoke screen. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 9Mar72; LP42560.


LP42561.

Operation: Dorias. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 3Feb72; LP42561.


LP42562.

Operation: White fire. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 27Jan72; LP42562.


LP42563.

Operation: Spread. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 4Nov71; LP42563.


LP42564.

Operation: Hijack. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 25Nov71; LP42564.


LP42565.

Operation: Bribery. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 7Oct71; LP42565.


LP42566.

Operation: Crystal Springs. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53
min., sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 2Dec71; LP42566.


LP42567.

Operation: Moonshine. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 17Dec71; LP42567.


LP42568.

Operation: Deadhead. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 11Nov71; LP42568.


LP42569.

Operation: Pay off. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 9Dec71; LP42569.


LP42570.

Operation: Bandera. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 23Sep71; LP42570.


LP42571.

Operation: Big store. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in
association with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. ©
Treasury Productions; 16Sep71; LP42571.


LP42572.

Operation: Offset. Treasury Productions. Made by Mark 7. 53 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. (O'Hara, United States Treasury) Produced in association
with David Janssen Enterprises, Inc. & Universal Studios. © Treasury
Productions; 21Oct71; LP42572.


LP42573.

McGuffin. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Dec72; LP42573.


LP42574.

Bushwhack! Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Oct72; LP42574.


LP42575.

High lonesome country. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Sep72; LP42575.


LP42576.

Witness to a lynching. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Dec72; LP42576.


LP42577.

What happened at the XST? Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with
Public Arts, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Oct72; LP42577.


LP42578.

The Long chase. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts, Inc. ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Sep72; LP42578.


LP42579.

The McCreedy feud. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with Public Arts,
Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Sep72; LP42579.


LP42580.

The Clementine ingredient. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with
Public Arts, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Oct72; LP42580.


LP42581.

The Strange fate of Conrad Meyer Zulick. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association
with Public Arts, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Dec72; LP42581.


LP42582.

The Ten days that shook Kid Curry. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with
Public Arts, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Nov72; LP42582.


LP42583.

The Day the amnesty came through. Universal City Studios, Inc. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Alias Smith and Jones) Produced in association with
Public Arts, Inc. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Nov72; LP42583.


LP42584.

Jeremiah Johnson. Warner Brothers, Inc. & Sanford Productions, Inc. 14
reels, sd., color, 35 mm. A Wizan Sanford production. Based upon the
novel, Mountain man, by Vardis Fisher. © Warner Brothers, Inc. & Sanford
Productions, Inc.; 4Sep72; LP42584.


LP42585.

Changes, changes. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the book by Pat
Hutchins. Appl. au.: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
2May73 (in notice: 1972); LP42585.


LP42586.

Mister Shepard and Mister Milne. A presentation of E. P. Dutton and
Company in association with Weston Woods. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
E. P. Dutton and Company, Inc.; 10May73; LP42586.


LP42587.

Payday. A Fantasy Films production & a PFC production. 103 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Pumice Finance Company, N. V.; 16Feb73 (in notice:
1972); LP42587.


LP42588.

The Vault of horror. Metromedia Producers Corporation presents an Amicus
production. 86 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the stories written by
Al Feldstein & Bill Gaines. © Metromedia Producers Corporation; 14Mar73;
LP42588.


LP42589.

Los Maestros. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by
Sutherland Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Project Bilingual) Produced in collaboration with the
Bilingual Program Development Center. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 15Mar73; LP42589. (Copyright claimed until 1983)


LP42590.

Our class. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland
Learning Associates. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Project Bilingual) Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Program
Development Center. © San Antonio Independent School District; 15Mar73;
LP42590. (Copyright claimed until 1983)


LP42591.

The 5 senses. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by
Sutherland Learning Associates. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Project Bilingual) Produced in collaboration with the
Bilingual Program Development Center. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 15Mar73; LP42591. (Copyright claimed until 1983)


LP42592.

Unpleasant feelings. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by
Sutherland Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. (Project Bilingual) Produced in collaboration with the
Bilingual Program Development Center. © San Antonio Independent School
District; 15Mar73; LP42592. (Copyright claimed until 1983)


LP42593.

Anhelos. San Antonio Independent School District. Made by Sutherland
Learning Associates. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
(Project Bilingual) Produced in collaboration with the Bilingual Program
Development Center. © San Antonio Independent School District; 15Mar73;
LP42593. (Copyright claimed until 1983)


LP42594.

Harrison Carter, male nurse. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
25Sep72; LP42594.


LP42595.

A Home is not an office. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 2Oct72;
LP42595.


LP42596.

Lucy and Joe Namath. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 9Oct72; LP42596.


LP42597.

Lucy and Petula Clark. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 30Oct72;
LP42597.


LP42598.

Lucy, the other woman. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 23Oct72;
LP42598.


LP42599.

The Case of the reckless wheelchair driver. Lucille Ball Productions,
Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball
Productions, Inc.; 16Oct72; LP42599.


LP42600.

Lucy and the group encounter. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
18Dec72; LP42600.


LP42601.

Lucy and Donny Osmond. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 20Nov72;
LP42601.


LP42602.

Lucy's big break. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 11Sep72; LP42602.


LP42603.

Goodbye Mrs. Hips. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 25Dec72; LP42603.


LP42604.

My fair Buzzi. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 11Dec72; LP42604.


LP42605.

Lucy and her prince charming. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
27Nov72; LP42605.


LP42606.

Lucy and Jim Bailey. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 6Nov72; LP42606.


LP42607.

Dirty Gertie. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 13Nov72; LP42607.


LP42608.

Lucy and Eva Gabor are hospital roomies. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.
27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions,
Inc.; 18Sep72; LP42608.


LP42609.

Lucy goes to prison. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 22Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); LP42609.


LP42610.

Lucy goes on her last blind date. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
8Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42610.


LP42611.

Lucy and the franchise fiasco. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
5Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP42611.


LP42612.

Lucy and the professor. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 29Jan73
(in notice: 1972); LP42612.


LP42613.

Lucy and Uncle Harry's pot. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 12Feb73
(in notice: 1972); LP42613.


LP42614.

Lucy and Harry's memoirs. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 26Feb73
(in notice: 1972); LP42614.


LP42615.

The Not so popular mechanics. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
19Feb73 (in notice: 1972); LP42615.


LP42616.

Lucy is really in a pickle. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.; 1Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); LP42616.


LP42617.

Lucy and her genuine Twimby. Lucille Ball Productions, Inc. 27 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Here's Lucy) © Lucille Ball Productions, Inc.;
15Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42617.


LP42618.

The Solitary man. A Sigma Seven production. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Clarence Buddy Kling. © Clarence Buddy Kling, Thelma M. Kling
& Jack T. Rose d. b. a. Sigma Seven Productions; 20May73; LP42618.


LP42619.

Badge 373. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures
Corporation; 9May73; LP42619.


LP42620.

The Crafty animal caper. Hungarofilm. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 17Aug73; LP42620.


LP42621.

Matthew Aliuk: Eskimo in two worlds. A production of Oberon
Communications, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of
America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 17Aug73;
LP42621.


LP42622.

The Mill. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 22Jun73; LP42622.


LP42623.

Two towns. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Aug73; LP42623.


LP42624.

Two cities. John H. Secondari Productions, Ltd. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 8Aug73; LP42624.


LP42625.

Shaft in Africa. A Shaft Productions, Ltd. picture. 112 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 6Jun73; LP42625.


LP42626.

Ludwig. Mega Film, Cinetel, S. A., Dieter Giessler Film Produktion,
Divina Film. 113 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Mega Film Roma;
29Dec72; LP42626.


LP42627.

White lightning. Levy Gardner Laven. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
United Artists Corporation; 28Mar73; LP42627.


LP42628.

Flap. W B, a Kinney National Company. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based upon Nobody loves a drunken Indian, by Clair Huffaker.
© Warner Brothers, Inc.; 24Apr70; LP42628.


LP42629.

There was a crooked man. W B, a Kinney National Company. 122 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers Seven Arts, Inc.; 18Sep70;
LP42629.


LP42630.

Bookser's honeymoon. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 17Sep65; LP42630.


LP42631.

Liberty. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua Logan,
from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.;
24Sep65; LP42631.


LP42632.

Physician, heal thyself. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 1Oct65; LP42632.


LP42633.

The Conspiracy. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 8Oct65; LP42633.


LP42634.

Old rustysides. Warner Brother Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 15Oct65; LP42634.


LP42635.

Lover, come forward. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 22Oct65; LP42635.


LP42636.

The Captain's party. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 29Oct65; LP42636.


LP42637.

Happy birthday, to who? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 5Nov65; LP42637.


LP42638.

Love at 78 R P M. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 12Nov65; LP42638.


LP42639.

Don't look now but isn't that the war? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O.
Heggen & Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner
Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 19Nov65; LP42639.


LP42640.

Which way did the war go? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 26Nov65; LP42640.


LP42641.

Getting there is half the fun. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O.
Heggen & Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner
Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 3Dec65; LP42641.


LP42642.

Dear Mom. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua Logan,
from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.;
10Dec65; LP42642.


LP42643.

The Reluctant mutiny. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 17Dec65; LP42643.


LP42644.

Rock- a- bye reluctant. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 24Dec65; LP42644.


LP42645.

Carry me back to Cocoa Island. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O.
Heggen & Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner
Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 31Dec65; LP42645.


LP42646.

The Replacement. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 7Jan66; LP42646.


LP42647.

Black and blue market. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 14Jan66; LP42647.


LP42648.

The World's greatest lover. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 21Jan66; LP42648.


LP42649.

Eight in every port. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 28Jan66; LP42649.


LP42650.

The Super chief. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 4Feb66; LP42650.


LP42651.

The Doctor's dilemma. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 11Feb66; LP42651.


LP42652.

The Reluctant draggin'. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 18Feb66; LP42652.


LP42653.

"#*@% the torpedoes! Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 25Feb66; LP42653.


LP42654.

A Turn for the nurse. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 4Mar66; LP42654.


LP42655.

Son of "eight" in every port. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O.
Heggen & Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner
Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 11Mar66; LP42655.


LP42656.

Unwelcome aboard. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc., 18Mar66; LP42656.


LP42657.

Undercover cook. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 25Mar66; LP42657.


LP42658.

In love and war. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen & Joshua
Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers Pictures,
Inc.; 1Apr66; LP42658.


LP42659.

Captain, my— captain? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mister Roberts) Based on the play by Thomas O. Heggen &
Joshua Logan, from the novel by Thomas O. Heggen. © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 8Apr66; LP42659.


LP42660.

From karate with love. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 5Jan67 (in
notice: 1966); LP42660.


LP42661.

The Sergeant and the kid. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 12Jan67 (in
notice: 1966); LP42661.


LP42662.

Our brave in F Troop. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 30Mar67 (in
notice: 1966); LP42662.


LP42663.

What are you doing after the massacre? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.;
19Jan67; LP42663.


LP42664.

A Horse of another color. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 26Jan67;
LP42664.


LP42665.

V is for vampire. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 2Feb67; LP42665.


LP42666.

That's show biz. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 9Feb67; LP42666.


LP42667.

The day they shot Agarn. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 16Feb67;
LP42667.


LP42668.

Only one Russian is coming! Only one Russian is coming! Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers
Pictures, Inc.; 23Feb67; LP42668.


LP42669.

Guns, guns, who's got the guns? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 2Mar67;
LP42669.


LP42670.

Marriage, Fort Courage style. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 9Mar67;
LP42670.


LP42671.

Carpetbagging, anyone? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 16Mar67;
LP42671.


LP42672.

Majority of Wilton. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 23Mar67; LP42672.


LP42673.

Is this fort really necessary? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 6Apr67;
LP42673.


LP42674.

The Singing Mountie. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 8Sep66; LP42674.


LP42675.

How to be F Troop without really trying. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.;
15Sep66; LP42675.


LP42676.

Bye, bye balloon. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 22Sep66; LP42676.


LP42677.

Reach for the sky, pardner. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 29Sep66;
LP42677.


LP42678.

The Great troop robbery. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 6Oct66;
LP42678.


LP42679.

The West goes ghost. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 13Oct66; LP42679.


LP42680.

Yellow bird. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 20Oct66; LP42680.


LP42681.

The Ballot of Corporal Agarn. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 27Oct66;
LP42681.


LP42682.

Did your father come from Ireland? Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.;
3Nov66; LP42682.


LP42683.

For whom the bugle tolls. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 10Nov66;
LP42683.


LP42684.

Miss Parmenter. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 17Nov66; LP42684.


LP42685.

La Dolce courage. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 24Nov66; LP42685.


LP42686.

Wilton, the kid. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 1Dec66; LP42686.


LP42687.

The Return of Wrongo Starr. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 8Dec66;
LP42687.


LP42688.

Survival of the fittest. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 15Dec66;
LP42688.


LP42689.

Bring on the dancing girls. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 22Dec66;
LP42689.


LP42690.

The Loco Brothers. Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 30 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (F Troop) © Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.; 29Dec66; LP42690.


LP42691.

I can dream can't I? NEWIST, Vocational Guidance Division. Made by Media
Wakers, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (It's about you) © NEWIST,
Vocational Guidance Division; 7Aug73; LP42691.


LP42692.

How much is too much? NEWIST, Vocational Guidance Division. Made by
Media Wakers, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (It's about you) ©
NEWIST, Vocational Guidance Division; 7Aug73; LP42692.


LP42693.

Beyond the now. NEWIST, Vocational Guidance Division. Made by Media
Wakers, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (It's about you) © NEWIST,
Vocational Guidance Division; 7Aug73; LP42693.


LP42694.

Cockaboody. The Hubley Studio. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Hubley
Studio, Inc.; 15Jun73; LP42694.


LP42695.

Pebble Beach — The U. S. Open 1972. International Sports Productions,
Inc. & W and W Films. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © United States Golf
Association; 5Sep72; LP42695.


LP42696.

Lombardi: commitment to excellence. A Commitment Productions
presentation. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. Jan. 1971, LP40880.
NM: some new script & new opening. © Commitment Productions, Inc.;
15Nov72; LP42696.


LP42697.

Daughters of Satan. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a story by John
Bushelman. © United Artists Corporation; 28Aug72; LP42697.


LP42698.

Four for the road. Approx. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (My three sons) ©
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Oct71; LP42698.


LP42699.

Pumpkin people. Audio Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © 3M
Company; 18Apr73 (in notice: 1972); LP42699.


LP42700.

Theater of blood. Sam Jaffe & Harbour Productions, Inc. 104 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Harbour Productions, Inc.; 6Apr73; LP42700.


LP42701.

The Long goodbye. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. From the
Raymond Chandler novel, "The Long goodbye." © United Artists
Corporation; 23Feb73; LP42701.


LP42702.

Bang the drum slowly. A Rosenfield production from ANJA Films. 98 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon Mark Harris' novel, "Bang the drum
slowly." Appl. au.: ANJA Films. © BTDS Partnership; 13Jul73; LP42702.


LP42703.

One little Indian. Walt Disney Productions. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Walt Disney Productions; 11Jun73; LP42703.


LP42704.

The Kingdom of could be you. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland
Learning Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42704.


LP42705.

Health. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.;
2Apr73; LP42705.


LP42706.

Manufacturing. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42706.


LP42707.

Communication. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42707.


LP42708.

Marketing and distribution. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42708.


LP42709.

Consumer and homemaking. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42709.


LP42710.

Recreation. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42710.


LP42711.

Public service. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42711.


LP42712.

Construction. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42712.


LP42713.

Environment. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42713.


LP42714.

Agribusiness. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 6 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42714.


LP42715.

Personal service. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning
Associates, Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42715.


LP42716.

Transportation. Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (The Kingdom of could be you) © Sutherland Learning Associates,
Inc.; 2Apr73; LP42716.


LP42717.

Revenge. TAO Films. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: John Charles
Skinner. © John Charles Skinner d. b. a. TAO Films; 31Jul73; LP42717.


LP42718.

Ulzana's raid. A Carter DeHaven - Robert Aldrich production. 103 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures; 20Oct72; LP42718.


LP42719.

Trick baby. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Iceberg
Slim. © Universal Pictures; 20Dec72; LP42719.


LP42720.

You'll like my mother. ABCP production. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From
the novel by Naomi A. Hintze. © Universal Pictures & Bing Crosby
Productions, Inc.; 20Oct72; LP42720.


LP42721.

The Phantom farmhouse. Silent snow, secret snow. Jack Laird. 53 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
20Oct71; LP42721.


LP42722.

The Activist. A Jana Film Enterprises, Inc., production. 86 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Jana Film Enterprises, Inc.; 10Dec69; LP42722.


LP42723.

Till death do us part. Paul Mason. Produced in association with Talent
Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan
and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Feb72;
LP42723.


LP42724.

An Elementary case of murder. Paul Mason. Produced in association with
Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(McMillan and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
28Feb72; LP42724.


LP42725.

The Face of murder. Paul Mason. Produced in association with Talent
Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan
and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 3Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); LP42725.


LP42726.

Death is a seven point favorite. Paul Mason. Produced in association
with Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(McMillan and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
7Dec71; LP42726.


LP42727.

Murder by the barrel. Paul Mason. Produced in association with Talent
Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (McMillan
and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Sep71;
LP42727.


LP42728.

The Easy Sunday murder case. Paul Mason. Produced in association with
Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(McMillan and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
19Oct71; LP42728.


LP42729.

Husbands, wives, and killers. Paul Mason. Produced in association with
Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc. 80 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(McMillan and wife (NBC mystery movie)) © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
9Nov71; LP42729.


LP42730.

The Young country. Roy Huggins. 80 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Movie
of the week) © Universal - Public Arts Productions; 17Mar70; LP42730.


LP42731.

The Rude intruder. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 5Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42731.


LP42732.

Unlucky potluck. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 1Sep72; LP42732.


LP42733.

Pecking holes in poles. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 1May72; LP42733.


LP42734.

Bye, bye, blackboard. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 1Dec72; LP42734.


LP42735.

The Genie with the light touch. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
© Universal Pictures; 1Nov72; LP42735.


LP42736.

Let Charlie do it. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 1Jun72; LP42736.


LP42737.

Show biz beagle. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 1Aug72; LP42737.


LP42738.

Indian corn. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color. 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 7Feb72; LP42738.


LP42739.

Gold diggin' woodpecker. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 6Mar72; LP42739.


LP42740.

Chili con corny. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 1Aug72; LP42740.


LP42741.

A Fish story. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
Pictures; 6Mar72; LP42741.


LP42742.

Rain, rain, go away. Walter Lantz. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Universal Pictures; 1Jun72; LP42742.


LP42743.

Two people. From the Filmakers Group, a Robert Wise production. 101
min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures; 18Mar73 (in notice:
1972); LP42743.


LP42744.

Pete 'n' Tillie. A Martin Ritt-Julius J. Epstein production. 100 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novella, Witches milk, by
Peter deVries. © Universal Pictures; 17Dec72; LP42744.


LP42745.

Limbo. A Mark Robson production. Produced in association with
Omaha/Orange Films. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures;
10Nov72; LP42745.


LP42746.

Waste. Pt. 1. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color.
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) (With Waste, pt. 2) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 20Sep71; LP42746.


LP42747.

Waste. Pt. 2. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) (With Waste, pt. 1) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Sep71; LP42747.


LP42748.

Tara. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.: 10Jan72 (in notice:
1971); LP42748.


LP42749.

Better ways to see the U. S. A.—Eastern heritage. The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © The Bill Sandy Company, Inc.;
27Jun73; LP42749.


LP42750.

Il Decameron. P E A Produzioni Europee Associate, S. A. S., Les
Productions Artistes Associes & Artemis Film. 111 min., sd., color, 35
mm. From Il Decameron, di G. Boccaccio. © P E A (Produzioni Europee
Associate) S. A. S.; 12Dec71 (in notice: 1970); LP42750.


LP42751.

Cops and robbers. Elliott Kastner. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © United
Artists Corporation; 7Aug73; LP42751.


LP42752.

Harry in your pocket. A Bruce Geller production. 103 min., sd., color,
35 mm., Panavision. © United Artists Corporation; 26Jul73 (in notice:
1972); LP42752.


LP42753.

I escaped from Devil's Island. A Corman Company production. 87 min.,
sd., color, 35 mm. © United Artists Corporation; 2Aug73; LP42753.


LP42754.

The Girl with the hungry eyes. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Night gallery) From the short story by Franz Leiber. © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 26Sep72; LP42754.


LP42755.

The Doll of death. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Jan73 (in notice: 1972);
LP42755.


LP42756.

Hatred unto death. How to cure the common vampire. Universal Studios. 26
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios. Inc.;
9Jan73 (in notice: 1972); LP42756.


LP42757.

You can come up now, Mrs. Millikan. Smile, please. Universal Studios. 26
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night gallery) You can come up now, Mrs.
Millikan from a short story by J. Wesley Rosenquist. © Universal City
Studios, Inc.; 7Nov72; LP42757.


LP42758.

Fright night. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Oct72; LP42758.


LP42759.

The Ring with the red velvet ropes. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 31Oct72;
LP42759.


LP42760.

Something in the woodwork. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Dec72; LP42760.


LP42761.

Whisper. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night gallery)
© Universal City Studios, Inc.; 26Dec72; LP42761.


LP42762.

Finnegan's flight. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Nov72; LP42762.


LP42763.

The Return of the sorcerer. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Sep72; LP42763.


LP42764.

Rare objects. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Oct72; LP42764.


LP42765.

Death on a barge. Universal Studios. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 19Dec72; LP42765.


LP42766.

She'll be company for you. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 5Dec72; LP42766.


LP42767.

Spectre in tap shoes. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Night gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 24Oct72; LP42767.


LP42768.

The Other way out. Universal Studios. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Night
gallery) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Nov72; LP42768.


LP42769.

I did not mean to slay thee. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth
sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 11Nov72; LP42769.


LP42770.

And scream by the light of the moon, the moon. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (The Sixth sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Nov72; LP42770.


LP42771.

Dear Joan, we're going to scare you to death. 53 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (The Sixth sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 30Sep72; LP42771.


LP42772.

Through a flame, darkly. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth sense) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 4Nov72; LP42772.


LP42773.

Gallows in the wind. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth sense) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Dec72; LP42773.


LP42774.

Once upon a chilling. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth sense) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 28Oct72; LP42774.


LP42775.

Witness within. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth sense) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 7Oct72; LP42775.


LP42776.

With affection, Jack the Ripper. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth
sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 14Oct72; LP42776.


LP42777.

Coffin, coffin, in the sky. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth
sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 25Sep72; LP42777.


LP42778.

The Eyes that wouldn't die. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth
sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 23Dec72; LP42778.


LP42779.

Five women weeping. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth sense) ©
Universal City Studios, Inc.; 9Dec72; LP42779.


LP42780.

Priest killer. David Levinson. Produced in association with Harbour
Productions, Ltd. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (Ironside) © Universal
City Studios, Inc.; 13Sep71; LP42780.


LP42781.

The Snow goose. A Universal Television production. 53 min., sd., color,
35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 15Nov71; LP42781.


LP42782.

Class of '44. Warner Brothers. 10 reels, sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision.
© Warner Brothers, Inc.; 10Apr73; LP42782.


LP42783.

The Thief who came to dinner. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear production. 10
reels, sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Based on the novel by Terrence
Lore Smith. © Warner Brothers, Inc. & Tandem Productions, Inc.; 15Jan73;
LP42783.


LP42784.

The Recruiting interview. American Cancer Society, Inc. Made by
Communication Arts of Boston. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © American
Cancer Society, Inc.; 4Aug73; LP42784.


LP42785.

The Getaway. First Artists Production Company, Ltd. 120 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Jim Thompson. Appl. au.: Solar
Productions, Inc. © National General Pictures Corporation, The First
Artists Production Company, Ltd., Solar Productions, Inc., David Foster
Productions & Tatiana Films, Inc.; 30Sep72; LP42785.


LP42786.

A Warm December. National General Pictures Corporation. 103 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Verdon Productions, Ltd. © National General
Pictures Corporation, the First Artists Production Company, Ltd. &
Verdon Productions, Ltd.; 17Nov72; LP42786.


LP42787.

A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving. Produced by Lee Mendelson & Bill Melendez
in cooperation with United Feature Syndicate, Inc. & Charles M. Schulz
Creative Associates. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © United Feature
Syndicate; 6Oct73; LP42787.


LP42788.

Une Belle fille comme moi. Les Films du Carrosse, S. A. & Columbia
Films, S. A. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti.: Such a gorgeous kid
like me. D'apres le roman de Henry Farrell. NM: English subtitles &
revisions. © Les Films du Carrosse (in notice: Les Films du Carrosse, S.
A.); 25Mar73 (in notice: 1972); LP42788.


LP42789.

The Way we were. A Ray Stark-Sidney Pollack production. 118 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Rastar Productions, Inc. © Rastar Productions,
Inc.; 16Oct73; LP42789.


LP42790.

Habit of happiness. Triangle Film Corporation. 25 min., si., b&w, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Boltons Trading Corporation. NM: condensation & revision. ©
Boltons Trading Corporation; 14Dec72; LP42790.


LP42791.

The Slams. A Gene Corman production. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl.
au.: Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.; 27Aug73;
LP42791.


LP42792.

The Outside man. A Jacques Bar production. Produced in association with
General Production Company. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Cite
Films. © Cite Films; 3Aug73 (in notice: 1972); LP42792.


LP42793.

Broken hearted melody. A Thornhill production. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Getting together) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 8Jan72 (in notice: 1971); LP42793.


LP42794.

Cathy's clown. A Thornhill production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Getting together) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 25Sep71; LP42794.


LP42795.

Beep, beep. A Thornhill production. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Getting
together) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 30Oct71; LP42795.


LP42796.

Whatever happened to the old songs? 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Partridge Family) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 9Oct70; LP42796.


LP42797.

A Man called Snake. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Partridge Family,
no. 20) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
1Oct71 (in notice: 1970); LP42797.


LP42798.

A Penny for his thoughts. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Partridge
Family) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
13Oct72 (in notice: 1970); LP42798.


LP42799.

Spare parts. A William Castle production. Produced in association with
Screen Gems. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of fear) © Screen Gems,
a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 23Feb73; LP42799.


LP42800.

The Phantom of Herald Square. A William Castle production. Produced in
association with Screen Gems. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of
fear) © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
30Mar73; LP42800.


LP42801.

The Spook who sat by the door. Bokari, Ltd. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
From the novel by Sam Greenlee. © United Artists Corporation; 17Aug73;
LP42801.


LP42802.

Electra Glide in blue. A James William Guercio-Rupert Hitzig production.
113 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © United Artists Corporation;
17Jul73; LP42802.


LP42803.

Getting it all together. Newist, Vocational Guidance Division. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (It's about you) © Newist, Vocational Guidance
Division; 25Sep73; LP42803.


LP42804.

Once. Bob Demchuck. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Jon Harvey. ©
Scene East; 12Sep73; LP42804.


LP42805.

Walter's fiftieth birthday. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production.
30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 16Jan73;
LP42805.


LP42806.

Maude and the medical profession. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem
production. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions,
Inc.; 23Jan73; LP42806.


LP42807.

Arthur moves in. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 30Jan73; LP42807.


LP42808.

Florida's problem. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Feb73; LP42808.


LP42809.

Walter's secret. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 20Feb73; LP42809.


LP42810.

Maude's good deed. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 27Feb73; LP42810.


LP42811.

Maude's night out. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Mar73; LP42811.


LP42812.

The Perfect marriage. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 6Mar73;
LP42812.


LP42813.

Maude's problem. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 5Sep72; LP42813.


LP42814.

Doctor, Doctor. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Sep72; LP42814.


LP42815.

Maude meets Florida. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 19Sep72;
LP42815.


LP42816.

Like mother, like daughter. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production.
30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 26Sep72;
LP42816.


LP42817.

Maude and the radical. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 3Oct72;
LP42817.


LP42818.

The Ticket. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 10Oct72; LP42818.


LP42819.

Love and marriage. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 17Oct72; LP42819.


LP42820.

Flashback. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 24Oct72; LP42820.


LP42821.

Maude's dilemma. Pt. 1. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 7Nov72;
LP42821.


LP42822.

Maude's dilemma. Pt. 2. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 14Nov72;
LP42822.


LP42823.

Maude's reunion. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 21Nov72; LP42823.


LP42824.

The Slum lord. A Bud Yorkin-Norman Lear Tandem production. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Maude) © Tandem Productions, Inc.; 12Dec72; LP42824.


LP42825.

Blue Racer blues. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in association
with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The
Blue Racer) Appl. au.: United Artists Corporation. © United Artists
Corporation; 31Dec72; LP42825.


LP42826.

The Matrimaniac. The Boltons Trading Corporation. Produced in
association with Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. & Raymond Rohauer. 1972 version.
25 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. NM: editing & abridgment, elimination or
altering of several titles & addition of new main credits & explanatory
titles. © Boltons Trading Corporation; 15Dec72 (in notice: 1973);
LP42826.


LP42827.

White sister. Titan Productions. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. This is
English dubbed version of Bianco e rosso. NM: English subtitles &
editorial revision. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 11Mar73 (in
notice: 1972); LP42827.


LP42828.

The Assassination of Trotsky. Compagnia Internationale Allessandra
Cinematografica & Valoria Films. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Josef
Shaftel Productions, Ltd.; 15Oct72; LP42828.


LP42829.

Black girl. A Lee Savin production. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Screenplay by J. E. Franklin, based on her off Broadway play. ©
Marconlee Corporation; 9Nov72; LP42829.


LP42830.

Touch of madness. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 11) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 8Dec72;
LP42830.


LP42831.

Alter ego. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 6) Based on
stories by Stanley Ellin. © Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 27Oct72; LP42831.


LP42832.

Half a death. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 7) © Screen
Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 3Nov72; LP42832.


LP42833.

The Summer house. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 5) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 13Oct72;
LP42833.


LP42834.

Time of terror. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 13) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 22Dec72;
LP42834.


LP42835.

Elegy for a vampire. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Ghost story, no. 10) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Dec72;
LP42835.


LP42836.

Graveyard shift. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of fear, no. 19) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 16Feb73;
LP42836.


LP42837.

Doorway to death. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of fear, no. 17) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.: 26Jan73;
LP42837.


LP42838.

House of evil. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of fear) © Screen
Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 10Nov72 (in
notice: 1973); LP42838.


LP42839.

The Dead we leave behind. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Circle of fear) ©
Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 15Sep72
(in notice: 1973); LP42839.


LP42840.

A Self winding sidewinder. A DePatie - Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot series) © United Artists Corporation; 9Oct73; LP42840.


LP42841.

Pay your Buffalo Bill. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot series) © United Artists Corporation; 9Oct73; LP42841.


LP42842.

Stirrups and hiccups. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot series) © United Artists Corporation; 15Oct73; LP42842.


LP42843.

Ten miles to the gallop. A DePatie-Freleng production. Produced in
association with the Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, 35
mm. (Hoot Kloot series) © United Artists Corporation; 15Oct73; LP42843.


LP42844.

Hit! 134 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. Appl. au.: Furie Sentinel
Harkor Productions. © Paramount Pictures Corporation; 20Aug73; LP42844.


LP42845.

Quiet day in Dodge. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Jan73;
LP42845.


LP42846.

Jesse. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12Feb73; LP42846.


LP42847.

Kimbro. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 5Feb73; LP42847.


LP42848.

Whelan's men. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Jan73;
LP42848.


LP42849.

Talbot. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Feb73; LP42849.


LP42850.

This golden land. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 28Feb73;
LP42850.


LP42851.

Homecoming. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP42851.


LP42852.

Shadler. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 8Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP42852.


LP42853.

Patricia. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 15Jan73 (in notice:
1972); LP42853.


LP42854.

The Hostage. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Dec72; LP42854.


LP42855.

The Fugitives. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Oct72;
LP42855.


LP42856.

Milligan. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Oct72; LP42856.


LP42857.

The Brothers. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Nov72;
LP42857.


LP42858.

The Sodbusters. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Nov72;
LP42858.


LP42859.

Eleven dollars. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 23Oct72;
LP42859.


LP42860.

Sarah. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 9Oct72; LP42860.


LP42861.

The Drummer. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Oct72; LP42861.


LP42862.

The Judgment. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Gunsmoke) Add. ti.: The Judgement. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 25Sep72; LP42862.


LP42863.

Arizona midnight. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Dec72;
LP42863.


LP42864.

Tatum. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Nov72; LP42864.


LP42865.

Bohannan. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 18Sep72; LP42865.


LP42866.

Jubilee. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Dec72; LP42866.


LP42867.

The River. Pt. 1. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 4Sep72;
LP42867.


LP42868.

The River. Pt. 2. A CBS Television Network production. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Gunsmoke) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Sep72;
LP42868.


LP42869.

The Boy who cried werewolf. An RKF production. 93 min., sd., color, 35
mm. © Universal Pictures; 18Jul73; LP42869.


LP42870.

Pete, Pearl and the Pole. Abkco Films. 92 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Techniscope. © Abkco Films, Inc.; 22Dec72; LP42870.


LP42871.

A Far cry from yesterday. A and D Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Planned Parenthood Center of Tucson, Inc.; 3Oct73; LP42871.


LP42872.

The Flycatcher. A Crocus production. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Crocus
Productions, Inc.; 12Sep73; LP42872.


LP42873.

The Devil in Miss Jones. Pierre Productions. 67 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Pierre Productions, Inc.; 28Mar73; LP42873.


LP42874.

Blackenstein. 83 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Add. ti.: Black Frankenstein:
Blackenstein. Appl. au.: Frank R. Saletri. © Frank R. Saletri; 20May73
(in notice: 1972); LP42874.


LP42875.

A Special place. Toyota Motor Sales, U. S. A., Inc. Made by Animedia,
Inc. Produced with the cooperation of the Forest Service, United States
Department of Agriculture. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Toyota Motor
Sales, U. S. A., Inc.; 15Oct73; LP42875.

LP42876.

Noah. Joyce Motion Picture Company. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Scripture stories in sign language) Appl. au.: John P. Joyce & Louie J.
Fant, Jr. © John P. Joyce & Louie J. Fant, Jr.; 15Jul73; LP42876.


LP42877.

The Godmothers. 78 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Godmothers, Inc.; 4Nov73;
LP42877.


LP42878.

Brujerias. El Teatro de la Esperanza. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Adapted
from the play by Rodrigo Duarte Clark. Appl. au.: Jorge A. Huerta. © El
Teatro de la Esperanza, Inc.; 31Oct73; LP42878.


LP42879.

Westworld. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc.; 15Aug73; LP42879.


LP42880.

The Outfit. A Carter DeHaven production. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
Based upon the novel by Richard Stark. © Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.;
17Oct73; LP42880.


LP42881.

Lady Luck. Universal City Studios, Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
(World premiere) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 12Feb73; LP42881.


LP42882.

Dracula A. D. 1972. Hammer Film Productions, Ltd. 10 reels, sd., color,
35 mm. Appl. au.: Hammer Film Productions, Ltd. & Warner Brothers, Inc.
© Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.; 21Jun72; LP42882.


LP42883.

Steelyard blues. A Bill/Phillips production. 10 reels, sd., color, 35
mm. © Warner Brothers, Inc. & Steelyard Blues Productions, Inc.; 31Jan73
(in notice: 1972); LP42883.


LP42884.

Rage. A Getty and Fromkess Picture Corporation production. 12 reels,
sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers, Inc. & Getty Picture
Corporation; 23Oct72; LP42884.


LP42885.

The Black pirate. The Boltons Trading Corporation. Produced in
association with Douglas Fairbanks, Jr. & Raymond Rohauer. 11 reels,
si., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Elton Corporation & the Boltons Trading
Corporation. Appl. states no claim of copyright is made to any subtitles
which may have appeared in the original 1926 version. Prev. pub.
20Mar26, LP22505. © on cinematographic material & new subtitles; the
Boltons Trading Corporation; 14Dec72; LP42885.


LP42886.

Here today, gone tonight. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Jan73; LP42886.


LP42887.

Will the real Mister Winkler please die. Leonard Freeman Productions,
Inc. Produced in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
31Jan73; LP42887.


LP42888.

Little girl blue. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Feb73; LP42888.


LP42889.

Percentage. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Feb73; LP42889.


LP42890.

Engaged to be buried. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Feb73; LP42890.


LP42891.

Jury of one. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in association
with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii
Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 6Mar73; LP42891.


LP42892.

Death is a company policy. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 3Sep72; LP42892.


LP42893.

Death wish on Tantalus Mountain. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc.
Produced in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
12Sep72; LP42893.


LP42894.

You don't have to kill to get rich—but it helps. Leonard Freeman
Productions, Inc. Produced in association with the CBS Television
Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Sep72; LP42894.


LP42895.

Pig in a blanket. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Sep72; LP42895.


LP42896.

Fools die twice. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Oct72; LP42896.


LP42897.

Chain of events. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Oct72; LP42897.


LP42898.

Journey out of limbo. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 24Oct72; LP42898.


LP42899.

V for Vashon: the son. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 7Nov72; LP42899.


LP42900.

V for Vashon: the father. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 14Nov72; LP42900.


LP42901.

V for Vashon: the patriarch. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced
in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.: 21Nov72;
LP42901.


LP42902.

The Clock struck twelve. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 29Nov72; LP42902.


LP42903.

I'm a family crook—don't shoot. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc.
Produced in association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
12Dec72; LP42903.


LP42904.

The Child stealers. Leonard Freeman Productions, Inc. Produced in
association with the CBS Television Network. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Hawaii Five-O) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25Dec72; LP42904.


LP42905.

Robin Hood. Walt Disney Productions. 83 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based
on character & story conceptions by Ken Anderson. © Walt Disney
Productions; 25Oct73; LP42905.


LP42906.

The Voyages of Sinbad the sailor: The Roc bird and the rescue. Learning
Corporation of America. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company
of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 31Aug73;
LP42906.


LP42907.

The Voyages of Sinbad the sailor: The Princess and the pearls. Learning
Corporation of America. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Company
of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 31Aug73;
LP42907.


LP42908.

Termites: architects of the underground. Learning Corporation of
America. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Real world of insects) ©
Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc.; 5Oct73; LP42908.


LP42909.

If I should die before I wake. 53 min., sd., color, 35 mm. (The Sixth
sense) © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 2Dec72; LP42909.


LP42910.

A Clockwork orange. A Stanley Kubrick production. 16 reels, sd., color,
35 mm. Appl. au.: Polaris Productions, Inc. & Warner Brothers, Inc.
Prev. pub. 19Dec71, LP41304. NM: deletion & revision. © Warner Brothers,
Inc. & Polaris Productions, Inc.; 22Dec72 (in notice: 1971); LP42910.


LP42911.

The Train robbers. A Batjac production. 10 reels, sd., color, 35 mm.
Appl. au.: Warner Brothers, Inc. © Warner Brothers, Inc.; 7Feb73;
LP42911.


LP42912.

Adam's woman. 115 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Pictures
International, Inc., North American T. V. Productions, Inc. & Warner
Brothers, Inc. © Motion Pictures International, Inc. & North American T.
V. Productions, Inc.; 22Dec69; LP42912.


LP42913.

Crooks and coronets. Herman Cohen Productions, Ltd. 105 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Herman Cohen Productions, Ltd. & Warner
Brothers, Inc. © Herman Cohen Productions, Ltd.; 2Apr69; LP42913.


LP42914.

Trog. Herman Cohen Productions, Ltd. 91 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl.
au.: Warner Brothers Seven Arts, Inc. © Warner Brothers Seven Arts,
Inc.; 14Aug70 (in notice: 1969); LP42914.


LP42915.

Backache. A Time/Life Video production by FMA. 13 min., sd., color,
videotape, in cartridge. © Time, Inc.; 15Sep72; LP42915.


LP42916.

Cincuenta anos de espinas y rosas. Producciones de Pio Wenzonsky. 65
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 13Apr73. NM: Spanish version. © Pio
Wenzonsky Productions (in notice: Wenzonsky Productions); 24Apr73;
LP42916.


LP42917.

Sounder. Radnitz/Mattel Productions, Inc. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm.,
Panavision. Based on the novel by William H. Armstrong. © Radnitz/Mattel
Productions, Inc.; 11Aug72; LP42917.


LP42918.

Germany—dada. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) ©
Universal Education usually a.a.d.o. Universal Education and Visual
Arts; 1Oct71 (in notice: 1968); LP42918.


LP42919.

Picasso: War, peace, love. Universal Education and Visual Arts. 51 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal Education and Visual Arts; 1Oct71 (in
notice: 1970); LP42919.


LP42920.

Crete and Mycenae. 54 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal Education and
Visual Arts; 1Oct71 (in notice: 1970); LP42920.


LP42921.

Le Corbusier. Universal Education and Visual Arts. Made by Condor Film,
S. A. 46 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Universal Education and Visual Arts
(in notice: Universal Education and Visual Arts, a division of Universal
City Studios, Inc.); 1Oct71 (in notice: 1970); LP42921.


LP42922.

The Greek temple. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) ©
Universal Education and Visual Arts; 1Oct71 (in notice: 1969); LP42922.


LP42923.

Giotto and the pre Renascence. 47 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Museum
without walls) Add. ti.: Giotto and the pre Renaissance. © Universal
Education and Visual Arts; 1Oct71 (in notice: 1969); LP42923.


LP42924.

The Art conservator. Universal Education and Visual Arts. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) © Universal Education and Visual
Arts; 1Oct71; LP42924.


LP42925.

The Impressionists. Universal Education and Visual Arts. 43 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) © Universal Education and Visual
Arts; 1Oct71; LP42925.


LP42926.

Goya. Universal Education and Visual Arts. 54 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Museum without walls) © Universal Education and Visual Arts; 1Oct71;
LP42926.


LP42927.

The Cubist epoch. Universal Education and Visual Arts. 54 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Museum without walls) © Universal Education and Visual
Arts; 1Oct71; LP42927.


LP42928.

Scarecrow. 14 reels, sd., color, 35 mm., Panavision. © Warner Brothers,
Inc.; 11Apr73; LP42928.


LP42929.

Pink pills and purple parents. A Calvada production. 30 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. (The Dick VanDyke show, no. 12C) © Calvada Productions; 9Dec64;
LP42929.


LP42930.

Funny car summer. A Phillips/Sandler production. 90 min., sd., color, 35
mm. Appl. au.: Ron Phillips. © Ron Phillips Associates; 26Sep73;
LP42930.


LP42931.

It's your turn. A Thirtyfive Sixteen Washington, D. C. production. 13
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Fairchild Industries, Inc.; 4Sep73; LP42931.


LP42932.

Tin soldiers. Arlington Film Workshop. Produced in cooperation with
Arlington County Recreation Division. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: John A. Hunt. © Hermes Films; 14Sep72; LP42932.




                                   LU
                             REGISTRATIONS


LU3654.

The Hidden goods. Frank Joseph Zirbel. 22 min., b&w, 16 mm. © Frank
Joseph Zirbel; 4Jun73; LU3654.


LU3655.

Genesis: decimation. 35 min., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: James I. Walling.
© James I. Walling; 6Sep73; LU3655.


LU3656.

The Unexpected answer — homage to Magritte. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Joyce Barenstein. © Joyce Barenstein; 22Aug73; LU3656.


LU3657.

The Comeback trail. Entity Productions. 78 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
Entity Productions, Inc.; 12Sep73; LU3657.


LU3658.

Il Combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda. Television director, producer,
musical director, film and slides: Akiva Talmi. 28 min. © Akiva Talmi;
5Nov73; LU3658.


LU3659.

A Day off. 28 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert McKee. © Robert
Orville McKee; 5Nov73; LU3659.


LU3660.

Santa, the yule charioteer. 12 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
George Pappanikolaou. © George Pappanikolaou; 19Oct73; LU3660.


LU3661.

Papillon. 150 min., sd., color. © Papillon Partnership; 23Nov73; LU3661.


LU3662.

How the Grit almost stole Joe College. Produced & written by Steven F.
Blalock. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Steven F. Blalock. & Susan G.
Chandler; 14Nov73; LU3662.


LU3663.

On the eighth day. Jan Rene Shaw, Paul Allan Bassett & Wayne A. Kennan.
16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Jan Rene Shaw, Paul Allan Bassett & Wayne
A. Kennan; 14Nov73; LU3663.




                                   MP
                             REGISTRATIONS


MP24127.

Breathing birth. William Lucas. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © William
(Pew) Lucas; 13Jun73; MP24127.


MP24128.

Process type, centrifugal pump maintenance. Marshall Maintenance. 24
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 18Jun73; MP24128.


MP24129.

Cats and mice at play. Kayfetz Edutec Productions. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Kayfetz Edutec; 15May73; MP24129.


MP24130.

Country Mother Goose. Kayfetz Edutec Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Kayfetz Edutec; 15May73; MP24130.


MP24131.

Romantic Mother Goose. Kayfetz Edutec Productions. 5 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Kayfetz Edutec; 15May73; MP24131.


MP24132.

Sun, wind and rain. Kayfetz Edutec Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Kayfetz Edutec; 15May73; MP24132.


MP24133.

What price health? National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 52 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.;
10Dec72; MP24133.


MP24134.

On board: a learning experience in school board problem solving.
National School Boards Association. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National School Boards Association; 21Nov72; MP24134.


MP24135.

1973 cars: Low speed crash costs, foreign models. Insurance Institute
for Highway Safety. 12 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute
for Highway Safety; 23Mar73; MP24135.


MP24136.

Refraction, dispersion and resonance. Office of Instructional Media,
Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Alfred Leitner. © Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute & Alfred Leitner;
1Apr73; MP24136.


MP24137.

The Haunted West. National Geographic Society & Wolper Productions, Inc.
51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society; 28Nov72;
MP24137.


MP24138.

The Divine miracle. Daina Krumins. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Daina
Krumins; 2Mar73; MP24138.


MP24139.

Ms. — the struggle for women's rights. Hearst Metrotone News. 14 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation; 4Oct72; MP24139.


MP24140.

Growing pains for the Common Market. Hearst Metrotone News. 13 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Add. ti.: The Growing Common Market. © Hearst Metrotone
News, a division of the Hearst Corporation; 6Dec72; MP24140.


MP24141.

Satchmo and all that jazz. Hearst Metrotone News. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation;
8Nov72; MP24141.


MP24142.

A Nation within a nation. Hearst Metrotone News. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation;
6Sep72; MP24142.


MP24143.

This way to the White House. Hearst Metrotone News. 13 min., sd., b&w,
16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation;
7Feb73; MP24143.


MP24144.

Vietnam epilogue. Hearst Metrotone News. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation; 7Mar73;
MP24144.


MP24145.

Stepping stones in space. Hearst Metrotone News. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation;
3Jan73; MP24145.


MP24146.

Zero draft. Hearst Metrotone News. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst
Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation; 4Apr73; MP24146.


MP24147.

Between. Gerald J. LePage. 42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. An AMI
Production. © Gerald J. LePage; 1May73; MP24147.


MP24148.

The Booboo monster enters a beauty contest. Billy Budd Films, Inc. 9
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Cleary. © Billy Budd Films,
Inc.; 1Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP24148.


MP24149.

Me and the monsters. Billy Budd Films, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: William Cleary. © William Cleary (in notice: Bill Cleary);
1Jul72; MP24149.


MP24150.

Cleaning the patient room. Comprenetics, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm., loop film. (Housekeeping series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 9Mar73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24150.


MP24151.

Rest room cleaning procedures. Comprenetics, Inc. 12 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm., loop film. (Housekeeping series) © Comprenetics, Inc.;
12Mar73 (in notice: 1972); MP24151.


MP24152.

A Healthy choice—the story of prepaid group health care. Blue Cross
Association. Made by Walter J. Klein Company, Ltd. 14 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Blue Cross Association; 15Mar73; MP24152.


MP24153.

Not so easy. Filmfair Communications. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti.: Motorcycle safety. © Filmfair, Inc.; 15Jun73; MP24153.


MP24154.

Training: a view from the top. BNA Communications, Inc. 40 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with the American Society for
Training and Development. © BNA Communications, Inc.; 20Jun73; MP24154.


MP24155.

Ten years to tomorrow. Communications Satellite Corporation, Inc. Made
by Guggenheim Productions, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Communications Satellite Corporation, Inc.; 4May73; MP24155.


MP24156.

The Fabulous country. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The American experience) © National Broadcasting Company,
Inc.; 16Oct72; MP24156.


MP24157.

Strange and terrible times. National Broadcasting Company, Inc. 51 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The American experience) © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 16Apr73; MP24157.


MP24158.

Cars that crash and burn. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 27
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety;
12Jun73; MP24158.


MP24159.

Israeli boy: life on a kibbutz. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 5Mar73; MP24159.


MP24160.

The Reformation: age of revolt. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. Made by Signet Productions, Inc. 24 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Humanities) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
14Mar73; MP24160.


MP24161.

Glacier on the move. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science curriculum project) ©
Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation; 25May73; MP24161.


MP24162.

Fire in the sea. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 10
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with the Department
of the Interior. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
10May73; MP24162.


MP24163.

Nematode. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
11May73; MP24163.


MP24164.

The Cactus: adaptations for survival. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 10May73; MP24164.


MP24165.

Intern: a long year. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation; 14Mar73; MP24165.


MP24166.

The Alcohol problem: What do you think? Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 10May73: MP24166.


MP24167.

Venereal disease: the hidden epidemic. Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 4May73; MP24167.


MP24168.

A Zoo's - eye view: dawn to dark. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
Corporation. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
Educational Corporation; 25May73; MP24168.


MP24169.

Program building techniques. Lesson no. 422. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 31Aug71; MP24169.


MP24170.

Program testing techniques. Lesson no. 423. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 31Aug71; MP24170.


MP24171.

Analysis of file characteristics. Lesson no. 531.1. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics International, Inc.; 11Jun71; MP24171.


MP24172.

Maintenance with sequential organization. Lesson no. 532.1. Edutronics
Systems International, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Add. ti.: Maintenance considerations with sequential organization. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 21May71; MP24172.


MP24173.

Retrieval from sequential organization. Lesson no. 532.2. Edutronics
Systems International, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
Add. ti.: Retrieval considerations with sequential organization. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 21Jun71; MP24173.


MP24174.

Key transformation techniques. Lesson no. 533.1. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 22Jul71; MP24174.


MP24175.

Prime number division algorithm. Lesson no. 533.2. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 19May71; MP24175.


MP24176.

Selecting a key transformation technique. Lesson no. 533.3. Edutronics
Systems International, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 3Jun71; MP24176.


MP24177.

Bucket indexing performance. Lesson no. 534.1. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 3Jun71; MP24177.


MP24178.

Techniques for handling synonyms. Lesson no. 534.2. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Add. ti.:
Technique for handling synonyms. © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 23Jun71; MP24178.


MP24179.

The Random method. Lesson no. 534.3. Edutronics Systems International,
Inc. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 23Jun71; MP24179.


MP24180.

Random method performance. Lesson no. 534.4. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 25Jun71; MP24180.


MP24181.

Indexed sequential performance. Lesson no. 536.1. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 23Jun71; MP24181.


MP24182.

Indexed sequential analysis. Lesson no. 536.2. Edutronics Systems
International, Inc. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 22Jul71; MP24182.


MP24183.

Fingers and hands. William Ditzel Productions. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © William Ditzel Productions; 1Nov72; MP24183.


MP24184.

Nature and electricity. William Ditzel Productions. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © William Ditzel Productions; 1Nov72; MP24184.


MP24185.

The Way of our fathers. Humboldt State College Foundation. 33 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 5Apr72, MU8430. © Humboldt State College
Foundation; 2Oct72; MP24185.


MP24186.

Make a mighty reach. I / D / E / A. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
I / D / E / A a. a. d. o. the Institute for the Development of
Educational Activities, Inc.; 5Jan67 (in notice: 1966); MP24186.


MP24187.

Lecture number 1. Consultants Associated, Inc. 23 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24187.


MP24188.

Lecture number 2. Consultants Associated, Inc. 23 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24188.


MP24189.

Lecture number 3. Consultants Associated, Inc. 24 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24189.


MP24190.

Lecture number 4. Consultants Associated, Inc. 24 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24190.


MP24191.

Lecture number 5. Consultants Associated, Inc. 24 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24191.


MP24192.

Lecture number 6. Consultants Associated, Inc. 26 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24192.


MP24193.

Lecture number 7. Consultants Associated, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24193.


MP24194.

Lecture number 8. Consultants Associated, Inc. 20 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Techniques and aids) © Consultants Associated,
Inc.; 1Jun70; MP24194.


MP24195.

Lecture number 1. Consultants Associated, Inc. 30 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24195.


MP24196.

Lecture number 2. Consultants Associated, Inc. 22 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24196.


MP24197.

Lecture number 3. Consultants Associated, Inc. 26 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24197.


MP24198.

Lecture number 4. Consultants Associated, Inc. 24 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24198.


MP24199.

Lecture number 5. Consultants Associated, Inc. 27 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24199.


MP24200.

Lecture number 6. Consultants Associated, Inc. 26 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24200.


MP24201.

Lecture number 7. Consultants Associated, Inc. 21 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24201.


MP24202.

Lecture number 8. Consultants Associated, Inc. 23 min., sd., b&w,
videotape (1/2 in.) (Utilities) © Consultants Associated, Inc.; 1Sep70;
MP24202.


MP24203.

Generally accepted accounting principles. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24203.


MP24204.

The Basics of financial statement analysis. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24204.


MP24205.

Planning the financial needs of the company. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24205.


MP24206.

Introduction to return on investment. American Management Association.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70;
MP24206.


MP24207.

Return on investment as a management tool. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24207.


MP24208.

Conserving our environment: use and reuse. Coronet Instructional Films.
15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 30Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP24208.


MP24209.

The Energy crisis? A. H. Belo Corporation. 45 min., sd., color,
videotape in cassette. © A. H. Belo Corporation; 18Apr73; MP24209.


MP24210.

Aspects of the behavior of the sifaka. Rockefeller University. 12 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Rockefeller University Press. © The
Rockefeller University; 1Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP24210.


MP24211.

Old time cooking. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of
America Cooperative, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP24211.


MP24212.

Jams and jellies. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of
America Cooperative, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP24212.


MP24213.

Campers. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
Cooperative, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24213.


MP24214.

Rapids. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
Cooperative, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24214.


MP24215.

Sea. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
Cooperative, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24215.


MP24216.

Trout stream. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
Cooperative, Inc.; 1Mar73; MP24216.


MP24217.

Hospital. An OSTI film. 84 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Frederick
Wiseman. © OSTI, Inc. a. a. d. o. the Organization for Social and
Technical Innovation, Inc.; 2Feb70 (in notice: 1969); MP24217.


MP24218.

High school. 75 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Frederick Wiseman. ©
OSTI, Inc. a. a. d. o. the Organization for Social and Technical
Innovation, Inc.; 5Nov68; MP24218.


MP24219.

Law and order. An OSTI film. 81 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Frederick Wiseman. © OSTI, Inc. a. a. d. o. the Organization for Social
and Technical Innovation, Inc.; 2Mar69; MP24219.


MP24220.

No man is an island. A Dana production. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Albert Saparoff d. b. a. Dana Productions, division of
Saparoff Films, Inc. © Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films,
Inc.; 15Jun73; MP24220.


MP24221.

Black artists in America: an introduction to seven internationally
recognized black visual artists. Pt. 3. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Oakley N. Holmes, Jr. © Oakley N. Holmes, Jr.; 18Jun73;
MP24221.


MP24222.

Lily Pons. 53 min., sd., color, videotape (3/4 inch) in cassette. ©
Charos Productions, Inc.; 21Feb73; MP24222.


MP24223.

Discovering language: How words get new meanings. A Coronet film. 11
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Media, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 14Mar73; MP24223.


MP24224.

Discovering language: How English borrowed words. A Coronet film. 10
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP24224.


MP24225.

Discovering language: How English changed in America. A Coronet film. 10
min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 7Feb73; MP24225.


MP24226.

Discovering language: Varieties of English. A Coronet film. 11 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 13Feb73; MP24226.


MP24227.

Discovering language: The Alphabet story. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.: 1Mar73; MP24227.


MP24228.

Discovering language: How words are made. A Coronet film. 14 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of Who makes words? © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Mar73; MP24228.


MP24229.

The Terrible news. Swain Wolfe. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg.
Dec. 1971. NM: abridgment, editorial revision & additions. © Swain
Wolfe; 10Apr73; MP24229.


MP24230.

Home for the weekend. Davidson Films, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Davidson Films, Inc.; 29Dec72; MP24230.


MP24231.

Fly. WGN Continental Broadcasting Company. 1 min., sd., color, videotape
(2 inch) © WGN Continental Broadcasting Company; 29Nov72; MP24231.


MP24232.

Hand. WGN Continental Broadcasting Company. 1 min., sd., color,
videotape (2 inch) Appl. au.: WGN Continental Broadcasting Company &
Encyclopedia Britannica Education Corporation. © WGN Continental
Broadcasting Company; 29Nov72; MP24232.


MP24233.

Artists in the schools: Bob Aiken. Iowa State University. 21 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Iowa State University a. a. d. o. Iowa State University
of Science and Technology; 27Dec72; MP24233.


MP24234.

Flame artistry. Vincent A. Uhl. 10 min., sd., color. 16 mm. © Vincent A.
Uhl; 1Jun73; MP24234.


MP24235.

The Dawn horse. Stanton Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Thomas J. Stanton. © Stanton Films; 1Jan72; MP24235.


MP24236.

Haiku. Stanton Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Thomas J.
Stanton. © Stanton Films; 1Sep69; MP24236.


MP24237.

Once upon a wilderness. Stanton Films. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Thomas J. Stanton. © Stanton Films; 1Oct71; MP24237.


MP24238.

Oak Valley, United States of America. Stanton Films. 14 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Thomas J. Stanton. © Stanton Films; 1Oct71;
MP24238.


MP24239.

Diagnosis of drug dependence with Naloxone. Paul H. Blachly. 8 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Paul H. Blachly; 24May73; MP24239.


MP24240.

Tracheal intubation. Department of Anesthesiology, University of North
Carolina, School of Medicine. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Peter V. Scott. © Department of Anesthesiology, University of North
Carolina, School of Medicine; 7Aug73; MP24240.


MP24241.

Canada's Atlantic Provinces. Coronet Instructional Materials. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 23Feb73; MP24241.


MP24242.

Beginning responsibility: being on time. Coronet Instructional
Materials. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 14Feb73; MP24242.


MP24243.

Canada's provinces and people. Coronet Instructional Materials. 2nd ed.
14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Mar73; MP24243.


MP24244.

Canada's central provinces. Coronet Instructional Materials. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 2Mar73; MP24244.


MP24245.

Canada's prairie provinces. Coronet Instructional Materials. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 16Mar73; MP24245.


MP24246.

Canada's Pacific Province and northland. Coronet Instructional
Materials. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Mar73; MP24246.


MP24247.

When your hair shines. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William
Esty Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 18May73; MP24247.


MP24248.

Meet the Mormons. The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints under
the direction of the First Presidency & the Council of the Twelve. 24
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham
Young University. © Brigham Young University; 3May73; MP24248.


MP24249.

Deadly fathoms. HMS Film Corporation. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © HMS
Film Corporation; 3May73; MP24249.


MP24250.

Walk in the light. A Brigham Young University production. 16 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young
University. © Brigham Young University; 25May73; MP24250.


MP24251.

Listening beyond words. A Brigham Young University production. 20 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young
University. © Brigham Young University; 1May73; MP24251.


MP24252.

Murder in America. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) © The
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 29May73; MP24252.


MP24253.

The Sins of the fathers. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) © The
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 6Jun73; MP24253.


MP24254.

Low friction arthroplasty using a two part prosthesis. 22 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Richards Manufacturing Company; 21Oct71; MP24254.


MP24255.

All for one: Tutorial highlights. Arthur L. Terr. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. Appl. au.: Arthur L. Terr & Lillian Pope. © Single Concepts
Productions, Inc. & Lillian Pope; 16Jul73; MP24255.


MP24256.

Clouds. An Academy Films production. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
© International Communications Films; 18Mar70; MP24256.


MP24257.

Carbon dioxide testing. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 23Oct72; MP24257.


MP24258.

Water from chemicals. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov72; MP24258.


MP24259.

Distilling water. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 23Oct72; MP24259.


MP24260.

Acids and bases. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 26Oct72; MP24260.


MP24261.

Oxygen: preparing and testing. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.: 7Nov72; MP24261.


MP24262.

Clarifying water. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 1Nov72; MP24262.


MP24263.

Hydrogen: preparing and testing. 2 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov72; MP24263.


MP24264.

Separating the elements of water. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 7Nov72; MP24264.


MP24265.

Sail around the world with five men and a girl. CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Adventure) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 17Apr70;
MP24265.


MP24266.

To the top of Everest. CBS News. 60 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Adventure)
© Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Dec71; MP24266.


MP24267.

Science and superstition. 2d ed. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 19May73; MP24267.


MP24268.

Learning to use money. Coronet Films & Spectrum Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire,
Inc.; 24May73; MP24268.


MP24269.

Probability and its uses. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Apr73; MP24269.


MP24270.

The Boyhood of George Washington Carver. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Jan73;
MP24270.


MP24271.

Wasps: paper makers of the summer. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Real
world of insects) © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc.; 17Aug73; MP24271.


MP24272.

Architecture: why man builds. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in
collaboration with Ted Lowry. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill,
Inc.; 13Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP24272.


MP24273.

Painting: a visual record. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration
with Ted Lowry. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Humanities series)
Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 5May72 (in
notice: 1971); MP24273.


MP24274.

Literature: legacy for the future. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in
collaboration with Joshua Tree Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw
Hill, Inc.; 28Jun72; MP24274.


MP24275.

Philosophy: the questions of man. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in
collaboration with William Claiborne, Inc. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw
Hill, Inc.; 30May73 (in notice: 1971); MP24275.


MP24276.

History: man's recorded past. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in
collaboration with Telemated Motion Pictures. 18 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (The Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. ©
McGraw Hill, Inc.; 19Jun72 (in notice: 1971); MP24276.


MP24277.

Three rhythms. Amberly Productions, Inc. Produced in association with
Film Counselors, Inc. 71 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Amberly
Productions. © Texaco, Inc.; 10Jul73; MP24277.


MP24278.

Twins. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc.
© Colgate Palmolive Company; 16Jul73; MP24278.


MP24279.

Baggies plastic lunch bags. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate
Palmolive Company; 18Ju173; MP24279.


MP24280.

Birthplace of beauty. A Vibrato Soundfilm masterwork. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Frank M. Weinstein. © Vibrato Soundfilms, a
trade name of Frank M. Weinstein; 30May73; MP24280.


MP24281.

The State lawmakers. A Cinecrest production. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Cinecrest, Inc.; 15Jan71; MP24281.


MP24282.

Spokey the clown and his magic bike. A Cinecrest motion picture for
Screen Education Enterprises, Inc. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Screen
Education Enterprises, Inc.; 15Feb73; MP24282.


MP24283.

A Norwegian fjord. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Public Media, Inc.;
20May69; MP24283.


MP24284.

Bargemen on the Rhine. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Public Media, Inc.;
29Jul70; MP24284.


MP24285.

About fishermen. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (About) © Films, Inc.;
2Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP24285.


MP24286.

Reference and study skills; or, A Matter of fact. The Educational
Division, Houghton Mifflin Company. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Houghton Mifflin reading program) © Houghton Mifflin Company; 3Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24286.


MP24287.

Sources of funds. American Management Association. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70; MP24287.


MP24288.

Flexible budgeting. American Management Association. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70; MP24288.


MP24289.

Introduction to managerial accounting. American Management Association.
25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70;
MP24289.


MP24290.

Corporate cash management. American Management Association. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70; MP24290.


MP24291.

Cost behavior. American Management Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Management Association; 15Mar70; MP24291.


MP24292.

Financial management of the marketing function. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24292.


MP24293.

Profit planning with budgetary controls. American Management
Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Management
Association; 15Mar70; MP24293.


MP24294.

The Nature of the financial function and the roles of financial
executives. American Management Association. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Add. ti.: The Financial functions and the roles of financial officers in
the modern corporation. © American Management Association; 15Mar70;
MP24294.


MP24295.

Bob Seagren. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 27Jul73; MP24295.


MP24296.

Cattle worming — it's profitable if. Panel Film Productions. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Merck and Company, Inc.; 9Jul73; MP24296.


MP24297.

Sinai. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) © National Broadcasting
Company, Inc.; 6Jul73; MP24297.


MP24298.

The Ultimate experimental animal: man. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC
reports) © National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 25May73; MP24298.


MP24299.

American Communism today. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) ©
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 18May73; MP24299.


MP24300.

But is this progress? 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (NBC reports) © The
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 29Jul73; MP24300.


MP24301.

The Choice. The National Foundation. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Edward J. Gilmore. © The National Foundation; 15Jul73; MP24301.


MP24302.

What would you do? J. Michael Hagopian. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Paul Braun. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 1Jan73; MP24302.


MP24303.

Gettysburg—three days in July. Ethan Scott. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Stuart McIver. © Ethan A. Scott t. a. Monument Productions;
15Feb73; MP24303.


MP24304.

Show number 11. 42 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The American sportsman)
Appl. states all new except pt. 3. Prev. pub. 3Apr72, MP22913. © ABC
Sports, Inc.; 6Apr73; MP24304.


MP24305.

Show number 12. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The American sportsman)
Prev. pub. 25Jan72, MP22623; 22Mar72, MP22912. NM: segment 2. © ABC
Sports, Inc.; 23Apr73; MP24305.


MP24306.

Morocco. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Nick Serras. © Picnic
Films, Inc.; 14May73; MP24306.


MP24307.

Violin maker. A production of WSIV-TV. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Southern Illinois University; 14Feb73; MP24307.


MP24308.

Collector's dream. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse; 1Dec72; MP24308.


MP24309.

O P E N beavers. 10 min., si., b&w, 8 mm. © Diverse; 1Dec72; MP24309.


MP24310.

Ngoma sindimba. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Doris Green.
© Doris Green; 26Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP24310.


MP24311.

In out around. Pt. 2. Martin Moyer Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Exceptional movements for exceptional students) Appl. au.: Martin
Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions; 20Aug73; MP24311.


MP24312.

Volcanic landscapes. Pt. 1. Martin Moyer Productions. 29 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions;
30Jun73; MP24312.


MP24313.

Israel, nation of destiny. An Atlantis film. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: J. Michael Hagopian. © Atlantis Productions. Inc.; 1Jan72 (in
notice: 1971); MP24313.


MP24314.

To be somebody. An Atlantis production. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Bernard Selling. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 13Feb71;
MP24314.


MP24315.

As long as the grass is green. An Atlantis film. 11 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: J. Michael Hagopian. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.;
1May73; MP24315.


MP24316.

Poetry: the essence of being human. McGraw Hill Films. 18 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (The Humanities series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book
Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 28Jun72; MP24316.


MP24317.

Electrical circuit troubleshooting. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl.
au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Jun73; MP24317.


MP24318.

Electronic ignition diagnosis. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 16Jul73; MP24318.


MP24319.

Keep in touch! 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 27Jul73; MP24319.


MP24320.

Filmmaking. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley and Sons, Inc.;
16Aug73; MP24320.


MP24321.

The One for the road. A Marathon International production. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Marathon International Productions, Inc.; 17Aug73;
MP24321.


MP24322.

Pritt is so much neater than liquid glues. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Colgate Palmolive Company; 27Jun73; MP24322.


MP24323.

Good eating habits. A Coronet film. 2d ed. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Mar73;
MP24323.


MP24324.

Parents—who needs them? A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed.
of Appreciating our parents. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Mar73; MP24324.


MP24325.

Fun with words: Words that describe sounds. A Coronet film. 11 min.,
sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of
Esquire, Inc.; 14May73; MP24325.


MP24326.

Southwest Indian arts and crafts. A Coronet film. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
23Feb73; MP24326.


MP24327.

Light all about us. A Coronet film. 2d ed. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 23Feb73;
MP24327.


MP24328.

How light helps us. A Coronet film. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Mar73; MP24328.


MP24329.

A World of structures. Bb Film Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Robert A. Heller. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 27Jul73; MP24329.


MP24330.

Multiplication facts. No. 103. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. (Math number facts) Appl. au.: Forrest D. Fernkopf. © Forrest D.
Fernkopf; 6Aug73; MP24330.


MP24331.

Addition facts. No. 101. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
(Math number facts) Appl. au.: Forrest D. Fernkopf. © Forrest D.
Fernkopf; 6Aug73; MP24331.


MP24332.

Division facts. No. 104. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
(Math number facts) Appl. au.: Forrest D. Fernkopf. © Forrest D.
Fernkopf; 6Aug73; MP24332.


MP24333.

Subtraction facts. No. 102. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
(Math number facts) Appl. au.: Forrest D. Fernkopf. © Forrest D.
Fernkopf; 6Aug73; MP24333.


MP24334.

Let's look at sounding out. 8 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lillian
Pope. © Single Concepts Productions, Inc. & Lillie Pope; 17Sep73;
MP24334.


MP24335.

The Crocodile. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation. 29
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short story showcase) © Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation; 26Feb73; MP24335.


MP24336.

A Discussion of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's The crocodile. Encyclopaedia
Britannica Educational Corporation. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short
story showcase) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation;
1Mar73; MP24336.


MP24337.

Our American system of justice. Pt. 1: Civil court. Cinecrest Motion
Pictures. 76 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Cinecrest, Inc.; 8Aug72;
MP24337.


MP24338.

Water and spirit. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Sacrament) © Franciscan
Communications Center; 1Aug73; MP24338.


MP24339.

The Surgical technique of the Marmor modular knee system. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Richards Manufacturing Company; 19Feb73; MP24339.


MP24340.

The Sales grid, what it is, how it works. BNA Communications, Inc. 1
reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert R. Blake & Jane Srygley
Mouton. © Robert R. Blake & Jane Srygley Mouton; 23Aug73; MP24340.


MP24341.

The Sales grid, 9.9 solution selling. BNA Communications, Inc. 34 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © BNA Communications, Inc.; 31Aug73; MP24341.


MP24342.

The Boss. "Nightingale Conant Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Prev. pub. 25Sep72. NM: revision & additions. © Nightingale Conant
Corporation; 14Sep73; MP24342.


MP24343.

Catterson sales procedure. Communico. 11 reels (20 min. each), si.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridges in case. Appl. au.: Robert J. (Bob)
Catterson. Prev. reg. 28Jan70, C22880. NM: revision. © Robert J. (Bob)
Catterson d. b. a. Catterson Communications (in notice: Catterson
Communications Company); 3Aug73; MP24343.


MP24344.

Flashing roof openings. Marshall Maintenance. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Marshall Maintenance; 20Sep73; MP24344.


MP24345.

Washington, D. C., symbol of freedom. Beckley Metcalf Productions. 16
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William M. Beckley. © Beckley
Metcalf Productions; 20Aug73; MP24345.


MP24346.

Teaching is. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The David C. Cook Publishing
Company; 8Aug73; MP24346.


MP24347.

Oldsmobile 1974 Cutlass Salon. Omnicom Productions. 4 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
© Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation; 20Sep73; MP24347.


MP24348.

Oldsmobile 1974 Toronado. Omnicom Productions. 6 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation. ©
Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation; 20Sep73; MP24348.


MP24349.

Oldsmobile 1974 Cutlass. Omnicom Productions. 5 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. Add. ti.: Cutlass Supreme and Cutlass S. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile
Division, General Motors Corporation. © Oldsmobile Division, General
Motors Corporation; 20Sep73; MP24349.


MP24350.

Oldsmobile 1974 Omega. Omnicom Productions. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation. ©
Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation; 20Sep73; MP24350.


MP24351.

Oldsmobile 1974 Ninety Eight. Omnicom Productions. 5 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. Add. ti.: 98/Regency. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile Division,
General Motors Corporation. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation; 20Sep73; MP24351.


MP24352.

Oldsmobile 1974 Delta 88 Royale. Omnicom Productions. 6 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. Appl. au.: Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
Corporation. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation; 20Sep73;
MP24352.


MP24353.

Classifying animals. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Elizabeth I.
Werrenrath. © Goldberg Werrenrath Productions; 1May73; MP24353.


MP24354.

A Key to unlock aphasia: a multilevel approach. Portland State
University. Cameraman: J. T. Sterling, film editing: Stan Zulaski &
Portland State University Television Services. 27 min., sd., color,
videotape. Appl. au.: Slifman and Boothe. © Lorraine M. Boothe & Eileen
B. Slifman; 9Aug73; MP24354.


MP24355.

Look with pride. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
Inc.; 22Dec72 (in notice: 1973); MP24355.


MP24356.

Time out for life. American Cancer Society, Inc. A William K. Wells
Production. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.;
29Sep71; MP24356.


MP24357.

Five minutes for breast self examination. American Cancer Society, Inc.
A William K. Wells Production. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American
Cancer Society, Inc.; 8Oct71; MP24357.


MP24358.

It's just one piece. Neil Tuller. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Neil
Tuller; 17Sep73; MP24358.


MP24359.

Investing in yourself to find the million dollar prospect. 19 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 3Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP24359.


MP24360.

Work habits and selling techniques. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 3Apr73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24360.


MP24361.

Three quick selling ideas. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Series of
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice:
1972); MP24361.


MP24362.

Life insurance as a career. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Series of
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice:
1972); MP24362.


MP24363.

Anatomy of a six million dollar sale. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 16Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24363.


MP24364.

Why I sell life insurance. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Series of
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice:
1972); MP24364.


MP24365.

Agency management principles, reducing the drop out rate. 17 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP24365.


MP24366.

Solving selling problems and professionalism in selling. 16 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP24366.


MP24367.

Advantages of permanent insurance. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 29Jun73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24367.


MP24368.

Work habits, prospecting and how to get out of a slump. 17 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute,
Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP24368.


MP24369.

Selling pension plans. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Series of
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 16Feb73 (in notice:
1972); MP24369.


MP24370.

Forty five years of controlling the quality and quantity of production.
17 min., sd., color. Super 8 mm. (Series of greats) © Professional
Selling Institute, Inc.; 3Apr73 (in notice: 1972); MP24370.


MP24371.

Selling is a profession. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Series of
greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 3Apr73 (in notice:
1972); MP24371.


MP24372.

Building my career in life insurance. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 23Mar73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24372.


MP24373.

Power phrases and premium dollars. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Series of greats) © Professional Selling Institute, Inc.; 23Mar73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24373.


MP24374.

Advertising: information, persuasion or deception. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: David Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.;
1May73; MP24374.


MP24375.

Constructing reality: a film on film. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Gilbert Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 1May73;
MP24375.


MP24376.

Bringing meat to market. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: Bring
meat to market. Appl. au.: Gilbert Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul
Productions, Inc.; 1May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24376.


MP24377.

California: a case study in industrial development. 10 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: Gilbert Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions,
Inc.; 1May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24377.


MP24378.

Your credit is good; a film about, paying later. 15 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Appl. au.: David Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.;
1May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24378.


MP24379.

Erik the Red. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Vanished Vikings, pt. 1)
Appl. au.: Joel Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions, Inc.; 1May73
(in notice: 1972); MP24379.


MP24380.

Where did they go? 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Vanished Vikings,
pt. 2) Appl. au.: Joel Altschul. © Gilbert Altschul Productions. Inc.;
1May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24380.


MP24381.

Expressways. Aetna Life and Casualty. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Aetna Life and Casualty; 16May73 (in notice: 1972); MP24381.


MP24382.

Basic control tasks. Aetna Life and Casualty. 14 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 4Sep72; MP24382.


MP24383.

Identifying and predicting. Aetna Life and Casualty. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 28Nov72; MP24383.


MP24384.

Fundamental turning maneuvers. Aetna Life and Casualty. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 22Sep72; MP24384.


MP24385.

Crossing, joining, and leaving. Aetna Life and Casualty. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 18Dec72; MP24385.


MP24386.

Interacting with traffic. Aetna Life and Casualty. 18 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 22Sep72; MP24386.


MP24387.

Managing space and time. Aetna Life and Casualty. 28 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 5Sep72 (in notice: 1971); MP24387.


MP24388.

M/F preventive dentistry program. The Educational Division of Milner
Fenwick, Inc. 3 reels, sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Dental health series,
DHS 01–DHS 03) © Milner Fenwick, Inc.; 23Aug73; MP24388.


MP24389.

So many voices. An M V production. 45 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Jan S. Doward. © Youth Department of G. C. of S. D. A. a. a. d. o.
Youth Department, General Conference of Seventh Day Adventists; 1Aug73;
MP24389.


MP24390.

1972 National Hockey League highlights. National Hockey League Services.
Made by Athena Communications Corporation. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
NM: editing, compilation & additions. © National Hockey League Services,
Inc.; 24Oct72; MP24390.


MP24391.

Plastic journey. University of Michigan Department of Mechanical
Engineering. Produced in cooperation with the Ford Motor Company, Saline
Plant. A University of Michigan Audio Visual Education Center
production. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The University of Michigan;
1Dec72; MP24391.


MP24392.

The Magnificent moving movie. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lancer
Productions; 4Oct73; MP24392.


MP24393.

Analyzing advertising. Centron Corporation, Inc. Made by Centron
Educational Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation,
Inc.; 3Oct73; MP24393.


MP24394.

Motorcycle safety and courtesy in traffic. Centron Corporation, Inc.
Made by Centron Educational Films. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron
Corporation, Inc.; 3Oct73; MP24394.


MP24395.

Thinking about drinking. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. pub. 1966.
NM: additions & revisions. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 10Sep73;
MP24395.


MP24396.

Foods: fads and facts. An Alfred Higgins Production, Inc. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 27Aug73; MP24396.


MP24397.

Chaparral, grassland and fresh water pond. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Tripping with Terwilliger) © Marin Audubon Society; 1Oct73; MP24397.


MP24398.

My brother's keeper. Produced by Theodore Thomas Paskert in association
with Allegro Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Theodore T.
Paskert d. b. a. Allegro Productions & Allegro Productions; 19Jun73;
MP24398.


MP24399.

The Voice. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a. a. d. for Saint
John Nepomucene Church; 1Ju173; MP24399.


MP24400.

Please come. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Panfilms a. a. d. for Saint
John Nepomucene Church; 8Sep73; MP24400.


MP24401.

Patrol procedures 3: crimes in progress. Motorola. Made by Woroner
Films, Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner
Films, Inc.; 13Apr73; MP24401.


MP24402.

Patrol procedures 2: routine patrol. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films,
Inc. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner Films,
Inc.; 16Feb73; MP24402.


MP24403.

What's a cop? Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Officer training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 15Jun73; MP24403.


MP24404.

Shoot/don't shoot 1. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 29Oct70, MU8319. © Woroner
Films, Inc.; 27Jan73 (in notice: 1971); MP24404.


MP24405.

Defensive driving 2: on call routine. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films,
Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8424. © Woroner
Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24405.


MP24406.

Defensive driving 1. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 21Jun71, MU8355. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
27Jan73; MP24406.


MP24407.

Defensive driving 3: code 3. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8454. © Woroner Films,
Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24407.


MP24408.

Defensive tactics 1. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 21Jun71, MU8357. © Woroner
Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24408.


MP24409.

Defensive tactics 2: short baton. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc.
20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 16Sep71,
MU8399. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24409.


MP24410.

Defensive tactics 3: survival. Woroner Films, Inc. 20 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8472. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jan73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24410.


MP24411.

Bombs 1. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8425. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
27Jan73; MP24411.


MP24412.

Bombs 2. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Officer training) Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8426. © Woroner Films, Inc.;
27Jan73; MP24412.


MP24413.

Bombs 3. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16
mm. Prev. reg. 4Nov71, MU8427. © Woroner Films, Inc.; 27Jan73; MP24413.


MP24414.

A Very special child. American Cancer Society, Inc. 7 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 14Jan72 (in notice: 1971);
MP24414.


MP24415.

The Professional educational program of the American Cancer Society.
American Cancer Society, Inc. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.: The
Professional education program of the American Cancer Society. ©
American Cancer Society, Inc.; 13Apr73; MP24415.


MP24416.

On with your life. American Cancer Society, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 8Dec72; MP24416.


MP24417.

Cancer of the larynx and hypopharynx. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Cancer Society, Inc.; 5Apr72 (in notice: 1971); MP24417.


MP24418.

People with colostomies. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
Society, Inc.; 23Feb73; MP24418.


MP24419.

He wanted to live. American Cancer Society, Inc. 30 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 1Mar72; MP24419.


MP24420.

On the line. American Cancer Society, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
American Cancer Society, Inc.; 22Dec72; MP24420.


MP24421.

Take time out for life. American Cancer Society, Inc. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 30Dec71 (in notice:
1972); MP24421.


MP24422.

Drill press. McGraw Hill. 8 loops, si., color, Super 8 mm., in
cartridge. (Machine shop series, set 4) Appl. au.: Raybar Technical
Films, Inc. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 3Jul73 (in notice: 1972);
MP24422.


MP24423.

Chrysler Corporation engineering differences. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24423.


MP24424.

1974 Dodge Monaco. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24424.


MP24425.

1974 Plymouth Fury. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc.
© Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24425.


MP24426.

Monaco name change. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc.
© Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24426.


MP24427.

1974 Chrysler. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. ©
Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24427.


MP24428.

Put it in writing. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc.
© Chrysler Corporation; 30Aug73; MP24428.


MP24429.

Using squares. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.:
Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc. ©
Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24429.


MP24430.

How to use a crosscut handsaw. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24430.


MP24431.

How to use a screwdriver. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge.
Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
© Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24431.


MP24432.

How to cut a tenon on the circular saw. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
in cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24432.


MP24433.

Using drills in woodworking. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24433.


MP24434.

Ripping on the circular saw. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24434.


MP24435.

How to edge glue two boards together. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24435.


MP24436.

Planing the edge of a board. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and
Company, Inc. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24436.


MP24437.

Aging. CRM Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Educational
psychology series) © Communications Research Machines, Inc.; 1Sep73;
MP24437.


MP24438.

Group dynamics: Groupthink. CRM Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Educational psychology series) Add. ti.: Groupthink. © Communications
Research Machines, Inc.; 1Sep73; MP24438.


MP24439.

A Space to be me. The Edinboro State College Film Unit. 32 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Edinboro State College; 10Sep73; MP24439.


MP24440.

Skipping deodorant. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 4Sep73; MP24440.


MP24441.

Strategy and tactics. Lesson 321.5. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Efficiency in ANS Cobol) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Nov72; MP24441.


MP24442.

Input / output considerations. Lesson 321.6. 19 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. (Efficiency in ANS Cobol) Add. ti.: I / O considerations. ©
Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 1Nov72; MP24442.


MP24443.

Table look-up techniques. Lesson 321.7. 19 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Efficiency in ANS Cobol) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
1Nov72; MP24443.


MP24444

Data manipulation and arithmetic. Lesson 321.8. 15 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (Efficiency in ANS Cobol) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 1Nov72; MP24444.


MP24445.

Introduction to J C L. Lesson 812A.1. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Elements of JCL) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5Dec72;
MP24445.


MP24446.

The Job statement. Lesson 812A.2. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Elements of JCL) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5Dec72;
MP24446.


MP24447.

The Exec statement. Lesson 812A.3. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Elements of JCL) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5Dec72;
MP24447.


MP24448.

The D D statement. Lesson 812A.4. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(Elements of JCL) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.; 5Dec72;
MP24448.


MP24449.

Using J C L procedures. Lesson 812A.5. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(JCL coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
5Dec72; MP24449.


MP24450.

Magnetic tape data sets. Lesson 812A.6. 23 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(J C L coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
5Dec72; MP24450.


MP24451.

Direct access data sets. Lesson 812A.7. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
(J C L coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
5Dec72; MP24451.


MP24452.

Indexed sequential data sets. Lesson 812A.8. 15 min., sd., color, Super
8 mm. (J C L coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems International,
Inc.; 5Dec72; MP24452.


MP24453.

Space allocation and cataloging. Lesson 812A.9. 16 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. (J C L coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems
International, Inc.; 5Jan73; MP24453.


MP24454.

Creating J C L procedures. Lesson 812A.10. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm. (J C L coding techniques) © Edutronics Systems International, Inc.;
5Jan73; MP24454.


MP24455.

Alpen. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 26Sep73;
MP24455.


MP24456.

Confidence. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company;
10Oct73; MP24456.


MP24457.

Profit maximization: Competitive supply. Visual Learning Corporation. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.:
McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24457.


MP24458.

The Multiplier. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company.
© McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24458.


MP24459.

Monetary policy. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book
Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24459.


MP24460.

Income determination. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book
Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24460.


MP24461.

Supply and demand. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si., color,
Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book
Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24461.


MP24462.

Profit maximization: Monopoly. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill
Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24462.


MP24463.

Marginal productivity and the demand for labor. Visual Learning
Corporation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics
films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.;
17Aug70; MP24463.


MP24464.

Comparative advantage in international trade. Visual Learning
Corporation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics
films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17
Aug70; MP24464.


MP24465.

Consumer preference and demand. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min.,
si., color, Super 8 mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw
Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24465.


MP24466.

Fiscal policy. Visual Learning Corporation. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
mm. (Introductory economics films) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company.
© McGraw Hill, Inc.; 17Aug70; MP24466.


MP24467.

Stanley Cup '72. National Hockey League Services, Inc. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. NM: editing. © National Hockey League Services, Inc.;
7Aug72; MP24467.


MP24468.

Compressed gases—under your control. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Matheson Gas Products, a division of Will Ross, Inc.; 20Apr73; MP24468.


MP24469.

An Active volcano in evolution. McLean Productions. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. Appl. au.: North Shore News Company. © North Shore News Company;
2Jul70; MP24469.


MP24470.

Dixieland trip. Produced by John M. Price. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
John M. Price Films, Inc.; 1Sep73; MP24470.


MP24471.

Money management and family financial planning: securities. Aetna Life
and Casualty. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24471.


MP24472.

Money management and family financial planning: insurance. Aetna Life
and Casualty. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24472.


MP24473.

Money management and family financial planning; buying. Aetna Life and
Casualty. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24473.


MP24474.

Money management and family financial planning: credit. Aetna Life and
Casualty. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24474.


MP24475.

Money management and family financial planning: banking. Aetna Life and
Casualty. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24475.


MP24476.

Money management and family financial planning: budgeting. Aetna Life
and Casualty. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty;
15Sep73; MP24476.


MP24477.

The Bergen connection. Saturday House, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8
mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bergen Evening Record Corporation. ©
The Bergen Evening Record Corporation; 11Sep73; MP24477.


MP24478.

Alcohol and young people. Filmfair Communications. 13 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 1Oct73; MP24478.


MP24479.

Adolescence: crisis or opportunity. Filmfair Communications. 13 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 10Oct73; MP24479.


MP24480.

Coping with parents. Filmfair Communications. 15 min., sd., color. 16
mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 10Oct73; MP24480.


MP24481.

Acupuncture: an exploration. Filmfair Communications. 17 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 10Oct73; MP24481.


MP24482.

Vandalism: what and why? Filmfair Communications. 12 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 1Oct73; MP24482.


MP24483.

Put down. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Franciscan Communications Center;
1Apr73; MP24483.


MP24484.

Portrait of an election, 1972. A Rocinante production. 61 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (An Artist's report) Appl. au.: Franklin McMahon. ©
Franklin McMahon; 19Jan73; MP24484.


MP24485.

What are ecological systems? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24485.


MP24486.

What is a food chain? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24486.


MP24487.

What is a balanced ecological system? Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24487.


MP24488.

What causes ecological change? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24488.


MP24489.

Understanding measurement. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24489.


MP24490.

Understanding time. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24490.


MP24491.

Understanding motion. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24491.


MP24492.

Understanding weight and mass. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24492.


MP24493.

Air is all around us. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24493.


MP24494.

Air is a force. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24494.


MP24495.

Air creates change. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24495.


MP24496.

What is wind? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24496.


MP24497.

What causes rain? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24497.


MP24498.

What does the sun do? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24498.


MP24499.

What does air do? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24499.


MP24500.

Things in air affect us. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24500.


MP24501.

What is temperature? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24501.


MP24502.

How a thermometer works. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24502.


MP24503.

How does heat travel? Troll Associates. Made by Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24503.


MP24504.

What does heat do? Troll Associates. Made by Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24504.


MP24505.

How does light behave? Troll Associates. Made by Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24505.


MP24506.

Rainbows and spectrums. Troll Associates. Made by Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24506.


MP24507.

How to make pictures with light. Troll Associates. Made by Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24507.


MP24508.

How to make your own camera. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24508.


MP24509.

Making our water clean. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24509.


MP24510.

What pollutes the land and water? Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24510.


MP24511.

What is air pollution? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24511.


MP24512.

How you can fight pollution. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color. Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24512.


MP24513.

Plant and animal ecology. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24513.


MP24514.

Man's own ecological system. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24514.


MP24515.

Can man change the balance of life? Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24515.


MP24516.

What is conservation? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24516.


MP24517.

What is static electricity? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24517.


MP24518.

How does electricity flow? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24518.


MP24519.

How to create electricity. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24519.


MP24520.

Electricity in our lives. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24520.


MP24521.

How big is big? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24521.


MP24522.

How much is there? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24522.


MP24523.

How many are there? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24523.


MP24524.

Deciding how much, deciding how many. Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24524.


MP24525.

How and why things fall. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24525.


MP24526.

The How and whys of going down. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24526.


MP24527.

The How and whys of going up. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24527.


MP24528.

What makes things turn? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24528.


MP24529.

What is motion? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4
min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24529.


MP24530.

What makes things move? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24530.


MP24531.

What stops motion? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24531.


MP24532.

How push and pull change direction. Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24532.


MP24533.

Magnets: what they are and how they work. Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24533.


MP24534.

Valves: what they are and how they work. Troll Associates. Made by the
Lunaflick Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. ©
Troll Associates; 18Apr73; MP24534.


MP24535.

How do electrical circuits work? Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick
Company, Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll
Associates; 18Apr73; MP24535.


MP24536.

Air: putting it to use. Troll Associates. Made by the Lunaflick Company,
Ltd. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Troll Associates;
18Apr73; MP24536.


MP24537.

Weetabix. CLWE0030. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive
Company; 30Oct73; MP24537.


MP24538.

Wise and responsible consumership. Centron Educational Films. 14 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 12Oct73; MP24538.


MP24539.

Wheat: from field to flour. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 12Oct73; MP24539.


MP24540.

Finding their way. Vik Winkle Productions, Inc. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © American Honda Motor Company, Inc.; 2Jul73; MP24540.


MP24541.

Attitude in motion. Produced by the American Honda Motor Company, Inc.
in cooperation with the Long Beach Chapter, National Safety Council. 28
min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Vik Winkle Productions, Inc. ©
American Honda Motor Company, Inc.; 1Feb73; MP24541.


MP24542.

Dorothy Heathcote talks to teachers. Pt. 1. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Dorothy Heathcote teaching series) © Northwestern University;
7May73; MP24542.


MP24543.

Dorothy Heathcote talks to teachers. Pt. 2. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(The Dorothy Heathcote teaching series) © Northwestern University;
7May73; MP24543.


MP24544.

Empty cities. Moody Institute of Science. 28 min., sd. color, 16 mm. (A
Sermon from science) © Moody Institute of Science; 1Sep73; MP24544.


MP24545.

After dinner mint. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty
Company, Inc. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 22Sep73; MP24545.


MP24546.

A Life on the line. Sutherland Learning Associates. Produced in
cooperation with American Heart Association. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
© ACT Foundation, Inc.; 20Sep72; MP24546.


MP24547.

The Off road controversy. The Sierra Club. Produced in cooperation with
Bureau of Land Management, the California Department of Parks and
Recreation, Escape Country, the Living Desert Reserve & the San Diego
County Off Road Vehicle Advisory Committee. Made by AVS Film
Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sierra Club; 24Jun73;
MP24547.


MP24548.

Rufino Tamayo—the sources of his art. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Gary Robert Conklin. © Gary Robert Conklin; 26Jun73 (in notice:
1972); MP24548.


MP24549.

Hybrid vigor—key to abundance. Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc. and
Associates. Made by Joe Munroe — Photography. 28 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc.; 27Mar73; MP24549.


MP24550.

Combination set: Parts. Visual Instruction Productions, a department of
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24550.


MP24551.

Combination set: Blade. Visual Instruction Productions, a department of
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24551.


MP24552.

Combination set: Center head. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24552.


MP24553.

Combination set: Protractor. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24553.


MP24554.

Combination square: Uses. Visual Instruction Productions, a department
of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24554.


MP24555.

Combination square: Laying out. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24555.


MP24556.

Combination square: Setting up. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24556.


MP24557.

Combination square: Checking work. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24557.


MP24558.

Bevel protractor: Scale. Visual Instruction Productions, a department of
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24558.


MP24559.

Bevel protractor: Uses. Visual Instruction Productions, a department of
Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24559.


MP24560.

Bevel protractor: Laying out. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24560.


MP24561.

Bevel protractor: Setting up. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24561.


MP24562.

Bevel protractor: Checking work. Visual Instruction Productions, a
department of Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc. 4 min., si., color, Super
8 mm. Loop film. © Victor Kayfetz Productions, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24562.


MP24563.

The Story of Eric. David Seltzer. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © ASPO of
Log Angeles, Inc. d. b. a. Western Society for Prepared Childbirth, Inc.
(in notice: ASPO of Los Angeles, Inc.); 14Feb72 (in notice: 1973);
MP24563.


MP24564.

Ours is a tropic land. The Junior League of Miami, Inc. 27 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Junior League of Miami, Inc.; 1Nov72; MP24564.


MP24565.

Who is Guru Maharaj Ji? Shri Hans Productions. 72 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Divine Light Mission, Inc.; 15Oct73; MP24565.


MP24566.

What would happen if? 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Science
Curriculum Improvement Study. © Regents of the University of California;
13Jul72; MP24566.


MP24567.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 482. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Sep73; MP24567.


MP24568.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 474. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Sep73; MP24568.


MP24569.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 467. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24569.


MP24570.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 473. Ambassador College. 30 mm., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Sep73; MP24570.


MP24571.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 480. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Sep73; MP24571.


MP24572.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 481. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Sep73; MP24572.


MP24573.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 470. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24573.


MP24574.

L B J: tragedy and transition. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
1May70; MP24574.


MP24575.

The National environment test. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
19May70; MP24575.


MP24576.

Hitler and his henchmen. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16
mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 1Jun70;
MP24576.


MP24577.

Recruiter. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News
special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.; 22Jun70; MP24577.


MP24578.

Man on the moon: the epic journey of Apollo 11. A production of CBS
News. 30 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 20Jul70; MP24578.


MP24579.

Vietnam: voices in opposition. A production of CBS News. 60 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
4Sep70; MP24579.


MP24580.

A Black view of South Africa. A production of CBS News. 30 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (CBS News special) © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.;
14Dec70; MP24580.


MP24581.

Locusts: the now and ancient plague. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
Real world of insects) © Learning Company of America, a division of
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 5Oct73; MP24581.


MP24582.

Two farms: Hungary—Wisconsin. Learning Corporation of America. 22 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Comparative cultures) © Learning Company of America,
a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 5Oct73; MP24582.


MP24583.

Lee Suzuki: home in Hawaii. Learning Corporation of America. 19 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Many Americans) © Learning Company of America, a
division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 5Oct73; MP24583.


MP24584.

The Truth of fiction. McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with
Joshua Tree Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Humanities
series) Appl. au.: McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.;
26May72; MP24584.


MP24585.

Throwing on the wheel: centering, opening and raising. Paul Loukides. 13
min., si., color, 16 mm. © Paul Loukides; 1Oct73; MP24585.


MP24586.

Defensive basketball. 11 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert M.
Knight. © Robert M. Knight; 15Oct73; MP24586.


MP24587.

The Art of education. 30 sec., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: George
Michael Callaghan. © George Michael Callaghan; 15Sep73; MP24587.


MP24588.

Handling emergencies. Aetna Life and Casualty. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Aetna Life and Casualty; 8Oct73; MP24588.


MP24589.

Whole earth's invisible colors. Cybern Film Systems, Inc. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Charles O. Probst. Appl. states copyright not
claimed on material from U. S. Government sources. © Cybern Film
Systems, Inc.; 5Apr73; MP24589.


MP24590.

Two in Tokyo. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (People) Appl. au.: Jack W.
Aufricht. © Jack W. Aufricht; 12Jan73 (in notice: 1972); MP24590.


MP24591.

Dermassage—a body lotion with body. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.:
Dermassage is thick. © Colgate Palmolive Company; 14Sep73; MP24591.


MP24592.

Morning harbor. Filmfair Communications. A Chet Hedden film. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 6Nov73; MP24592.


MP24593.

The Life you save (first aid) Filmfair Communications. A film by Alan
Burks. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Filmfair, Inc.; 30Oct73; MP24593.


MP24594.

Behind the green door. Mitchell Brothers Films production. 72 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. Adapted from the anonymous story, Behind the green door. ©
Jartech, Inc.; 18Apr75; MP24594.


MP24595.

Resurrection of Eve. The Mitchell Brothers Film Group. 86 min., sd.,
color, 35 mm. © Anatuna, Inc.; 10Sep75; MP24595.


MP24596.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 464. Ambassador College. 28 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24596.


MP24597.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 465. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24597.


MP24598.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 466. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24598.


MP24599.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 468. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24599.


MP24600.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 469. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Aug73; MP24600.


MP24601.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 471. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Aug73; MP24601.


MP24602.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 472. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Sep73; MP24602.


MP24603.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 476. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 10Sep73; MP24603.


MP24604.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 477. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 10Sep73; MP24604.


MP24605.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 478. Ambassador College. 29 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 10Sep73; MP24605.


MP24606.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 500. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Oct73; MP24606.


MP24607.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 484. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Sep73; MP24607.


MP24608.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 479. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Sep73; MP24608.


MP24609.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 440. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Oct73; MP24609.


MP24610.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 499. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Oct73; MP24610.


MP24611.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 439. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Oct73; MP24611.


MP24612.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 498. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Oct73; MP24612.


MP24613.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 495. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Oct73; MP24613.


MP24614.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 493. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24614.


MP24615.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 491. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24615.


MP24616.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 492. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24616.


MP24617.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 432. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 3Oct73; MP24617.


MP24618.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 487. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Sep73; MP24618.


MP24619.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 485. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Sep73; MP24619.


MP24620.

What is a family? McGraw Hill Films. Produced in collaboration with Ted
Lowry. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Learning to look series) Appl. au.:
McGraw Hill Book Company. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 24Aug73; MP24620.


MP24621.

Football — the ball carrier. A Dick Borden production. 11 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Sports training series) © The Coca-Cola Company; 3Sep73;
MP24621.


MP24622.

Depression: a study in abnormal behavior. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Abnormal psychology series) © Communications Research Machines, Inc.;
1Oct73; MP24622.


MP24623.

Neurotic behavior: a psychodynamic view. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
(Abnormal psychology series) © Communications Research Machines, Inc.;
1Oct73; MP24623.


MP24624.

Lesson one. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cine-Ortho)
Appl. au.: Kenneth H. Oakley. © Kenneth H. Oakley; 13Aug73 (in notice:
1970); MP24624.


MP24625.

Lesson two. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cine-Ortho)
Appl. au.: Kenneth H. Oakley. © Kenneth H. Oakley; 13Aug73 (in notice:
1970); MP24625.


MP24626.

Lesson three. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cine-Ortho)
Appl. au.: Kenneth H. Oakley. © Kenneth H. Oakley; 13Aug73 (in notice:
1970); MP24626.


MP24627.

Lesson four. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. (Cine-Ortho)
Appl. au.: Kenneth H. Oakley. © Kenneth H. Oakley; 13Aug73 (in notice:
1970); MP24627.


MP24628.

And now the war is over—the American military in the 70's: If you want
us to stand down, tell us. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (An NBC News
white paper). © The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 30Jan73;
MP24628.


MP24629.

And now the war is over—the American military in the 70's: One billion
dollar weapon. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (An NBC News white paper) ©
The National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 13Feb73; MP24629.


MP24630.

Scott goes to the hospital. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. Produced
with the cooperation of Children's Hospital of LosAngeles. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 31Oct73; MP24630.


MP24631.

Football — hiding the football. A Dick Borden production. 11 min., sd.,
b&w, 16 mm. (Sports training series) © The Coca-Cola Company; 15Jul73;
MP24631.


MP24632.

Four young women. Produced by Leonard C. Schwarz in conjunction with
Veriation Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Leonard C. Schwarz;
1Nov73; MP24632.


MP24633.

Young, single and pregnant. Produced by Leonard C. Schwarz in
conjunction with Veriation Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Leonard
C. Schwarz; 1Nov73; MP24633.


MP24634.

Promis: the problem oriented medical information system. Promis
Laboratory. Produced in association with Brian Doubleday, James Taylor &
Darrell Thompson. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lawrence L.
Weed. © Promis Laboratory; 22Jun73; MP24634.


MP24635.

Walls and walls. FilmFair Communications. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
FilmFair, Inc.; 6Nov73; MP24635.


MP24636.

Making it! 12 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Lucyann Kerry. © Lucyann
Kerry; 15Jul73; MP24636.


MP24637.

Clown. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: William Esty Company, Inc.
© Colgate Palmolive Company; 12Oct73; MP24637.


MP24638.

Four stones for Kanemitsu. Tamarind Lithography Workshop, Inc. 28 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © Tamarind Lithography Workshop, Inc.; 2Nov73;
MP24638.


MP24639.

Day 1, day 2. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Colgate Palmolive Company;
21Nov73; MP24639.


MP24640.

Young fingers on a typewriter: a new concept in learning. Les Thomsen
Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Grace M. Petitclerc.
© Grace M. Petitclerc; 27Oct73; MP24640.


MP24641.

Winter on an Indian reservation. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 11 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: J. Michael Hagopian. © Atlantis
Productions, Inc.; 1Jun73; MP24641.


MP24642.

Let no man regret. Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alfred Higgins Productions, Inc.; 27Nov73; MP24642.


MP24643.

Crosscutting on the circular saw. Doubleday Multimedia. 4 min., si.,
color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73;
MP24643.


MP24644.

Cutting rabbets, grooves and dadoes on the circular saw. Doubleday
Multimedia. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. © Doubleday
and Company, Inc.; 5Jun73; MP24644.


MP24645.

Beef: the steak in the grass. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Centron Corporation, Inc.; 1Nov73; MP24645.


MP24646.

Equal rights for women. Bureau of Business Practice, Inc. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. © Bureau of Business Practice, Inc.; 27Sep73; MP24646.


MP24647.

How to avoid the 16 leading causes of OSHA citations. Bureau of Business
Practice, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Bureau of Business
Practice, Inc.; 25Jul73; MP24647.


MP24648.

Primary safety: on the way to school. Coronet Films & Reels and Realty
Films Company, Inc. 2nd. ed. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 31May73; MP24648.


MP24649.

Three families of Malaysia. Gateway Educational Films, Ltd. 16 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Coronet Instructional Materials, a
division of Esquire, Inc. © Coronet Instructional Materials, a division
of Esquire, Inc.; 28May73; MP24649.


MP24650.

What do seeds need to sprout? 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 20Jun73; MP24650.


MP24651.

Art for beginners: Fun with lines. Coronet Films. Made by Marshall Ragir
& Jerry Aronson. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 16May73; MP24651.


MP24652.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 433. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 3Oct73; MP24652.


MP24653.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 430. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24653.


MP24654.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 502. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 5Oct73; MP24654.


MP24655.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 438. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Oct73; MP24655.


MP24656.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 489. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24656.


MP24657.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 496. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24657.


MP24658.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 483. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 13Sep73; MP24658.


MP246S9.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 447. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Aug73; MP24659.


MP24660.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 486. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 21Sep73; MP24660.


MP24661.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 490. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 1Oct73; MP24661.


MP24662.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 488. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Sep73; MP24662.


MP24663.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 446. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 24Aug73; MP24663.


MP24664.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 448. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Oct73; MP24664.


MP24665.

Garner Ted Armstrong. Program 441. Ambassador College. 30 min., sd.,
color, videotape (3/4 inch) © Ambassador College; 4Oct73; MP24665.


MP24666.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 9. Telecast: Jan. 5, 1971. Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 5Jan71; MP24666.


MP24667.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 11. Telecast: Feb. 2, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 2Feb71; MP24667.


MP24668.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 13. Telecast: Mar. 16, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 16Mar71; MP24668.


MP24669.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 14. Telecast: Mar. 30, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 30Mar71; MP24669.


MP24670.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 15. Telecast: Apr. 13, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 13Apr71; MP24670.


MP24671.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 16. Telecast: Apr. 27, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 27Apr71; MP24671.


MP24672.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 17. Telecast: May 11, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11May71; MP24672.


MP24673.

60 minutes. Vol. 3, no. 18. Telecast: May 25, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 25May71; MP24673.


MP24674.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 1. Telecast: Sept. 19, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 19Sep71; MP24674.


MP24675.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 3. Telecast: Oct. 11, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 11Oct71; MP24675.


MP24676.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 4. Telecast: Oct. 21, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 21Oct71; MP24676.


MP24677.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 6. Telecast: Nov. 2, 1971. Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 2Nov71; MP24677.


MP24678.

60 minutes. Vol. 4, no. 10. Telecast: Dec. 12, 1971. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc.; 12Dec71; MP24678.


MP24679.

Typing skills: Fields of typing. Coronet Instructional Films & Creative
Establishment, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Nov72; MP24679.


MP24680.

Office practice: Working with others. Coronet Instructional Films &
Barbre Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Nov72; MP24680.


MP24681.

Office practice: Business manners and customs. Coronet Instructional
Films & Barbre Productions, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Add. ti.:
Office practice: Manners and customs. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Nov72; MP24681.


MP24682.

Form and formula—matter and man. Montecatini Edison, S. P. A. 15 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Perspective Films, a division of Esquire,
Inc. © Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Feb73 (in
notice: 1972); MP24682.


MP24683.

Shadows on the snow. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Perspective Films, a
division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Feb73 (in notice: 1972); MP24683.


MP24684.

Effective writing: Research skills. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Oct72;
MP24684.


MP24685.

Office practice: Your attitude. Coronet Instructional Films & Barbre
Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional
Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 26Oct72; MP24685.


MP24686.

Typing skills: Position and keystroke. Coronet Instructional Films & the
Creative Establishment, Inc. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet
Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 16Jan73 (in notice:
1972); MP24686.


MP24687.

Larry has it made. 22 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 25Sep73; MP24687.


MP24688.

Using Chrysler Corporation safety belts. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73;
MP24688.


MP24689.

1974 air conditioning air flow. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in
cartridge. Add. ti.: 1974 air condition air flow. Appl. au.: Ross Roy,
Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Oct73; MP24689.


MP24690.

Seat belt starter interlock. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in cartridge.
Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 14Sep73; MP24690.


MP24691.

1974 Imperial quality. 6 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl.
au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corporation; 18Sep73; MP24691.


MP24692.

1974 air conditioning—refrigeration. 12 min., sd., color, 8 mm., in
cartridge. Appl. au.: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler Corpaoration (sic);
15Nov73; MP24692.


MP24693.

Paracentesis (abdominal) A Medex International, Inc. production. 7 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. (American College of Physicians
medical skills library) © American College of Physicians; 27Jul73;
MP24693.


MP24694.

Nasogastric intubation. A Medex International, Inc. production. 7 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. (American College of Physicians
medical skills library) © American College of Physicians; 27Jul73;
MP24694.


MP24695.

Emergency nasal packing. A Medex International, Inc. production. 7 min.,
sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. (American College of Physicians
medical skills library) © American College of Physicians; 27Jul73;
MP24695.


MP24696.

Thoracentesis. A Medex International, Inc. production. 7 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. (American College of Physicians
medical skills library) © American College of Physicians; 27Jul73;
MP24696.


MP24697.

Thank you. Wheeler Industries, Inc. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Wheeler Industries, Inc.; 16Nov73; MP24697.


MP24698.

The Turtle people. B and C Films. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © B and C
Films; 1Nov73; MP24698.


MP24699.

Whitewater. Bear Creek Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
au.: Joseph MacArthur Braley. © Bear Creek Productions; 8Jun73; MP24699.


MP24700.

Heat increases molecular action. Doubleday Multimedia. 3 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Add. ti.: Heat increases molecular
motion. © Doubleday and Company, Inc.; 9Mar73; MP24700.


MP24701.

The Long winter of Henry Aaron. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National
Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 12Oct73; MP24701.


MP24702.

Shoot—don't shoot, 2. Motorola. Made by Woroner Films, Inc. 25 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (Police training) © Woroner Films, Inc.; 26Oct73;
MP24702.


MP24703.

Offensive basketball. 11 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Robert M.
Knight. © Robert M. Knight; 1Nov73; MP24703.


MP24704.

Dragonflies: flying hunters of the waterside. 13 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc.; 17Aug73; MP24704.


MP24705.

Introduction to electric and magnetic fields. McGraw Hill Book Company.
Made by Kaye Instruments, Inc. 20 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. in 5
cartridges. Appl. au.: Ronald Blum. © McGraw Hill, Inc.; 24Oct73;
MP24705.


MP24706.

Life with baby. Time, Inc. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March of time,
vol. 12, no. 6) © Time, Inc.; 25Jan46; MP24706.


MP24707.

Challenge to Hollywood. Time, Inc. 18 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The March
of time) © Time, Inc.; 28Dec45; MP24707.


MP24708.

Super X model 1. Produced for Winchester by Francis Carter Wood, Inc. 18
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Francis Carter Wood, Inc.; 15Dec73; MP24708.


MP24709.

Death driver. Avco Broadcasting Corporation. 25 min., color, videotape.
© Avco Broadcasting Corporation; 7Dec67; MP24709.


MP24710.

Focus on French. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Daniel J.
Maillet. © Daniel J. Maillet; 14Nov73; MP24710.


MP24711.

Yankee craftsman. The New Hampshire Network. Produced in cooperation
with Society for Preservation of New England Antiquities, Antiquarian
and Landmark Society of Connecticut, Wadsworth Atheneum. 20 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Wendy Wood. © New Hampshire Network Center for
Creative Cinematography; 18Jul72; MP24711.


MP24712.

Fernald kinesthetic technique. University of California at LosAngeles
Media Center. 25 min., sd., b&w, videotape (1/2 inch) © The Regents of
the University of California; 1Jun73; MP24712.


MP24713.

The Future is now. Sports Films and Talents, Inc. 26 min., sd., color,
16 mm. © Sports Films and Talents, Inc.; 11Oct73; MP24713.


MP24714.

The Alaskan Eskimo: a way of life. A Films North production. Produced in
association with the Alaska Federation of Natives, Inc. 28 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Rod Thompson. © Rod Thompson; 1Aug73; MP24714.


MP24715.

Isles of enchantment. Pt. 1. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha's Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha;
5Oct73; MP24715.


MP24716.

World of the sea otter. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd., color, 16
mm. (Mutual of Omaha's Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 7Sep73; MP24716.


MP24717.

Search for the angel shark. A Don Meier production. 23 min., sd., color,
16 mm. (Mutual of Omaha's Wild kingdom) © Mutual of Omaha; 5Oct73;
MP24717.


MP24718.

Happy birthday Baba. Meher Prasad. 10 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.:
Adi K. Irani. © Adi K. Irani; 12May73; MP24718.


MP24719.

Avatar in Australia. Meher Prasad. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Meher
House Publications; 4May73; MP24719.


MP24720.

Which campus? 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Regents of the
University of California; 21Sep73; MP24720.


MP24721.

Nigeria—problems of nation building. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 22 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: J. Michael Hagopian. Prev. reg. NM:
additions. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 14Jun67; MP24721.


MP24722.

Noise not sound. Atlantis Productions, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
Appl. au.: Frank Roach. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 1Apr73; MP24722.


MP24723.

The Cave people of the Philippines. 52 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
National Broadcasting Company, Inc.; 2Oct72; MP24723.




                                   MU
                             REGISTRATIONS


MU8593.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Apr. 18, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 4May73; MU8593. (See also CBS evening news with Walter
Cronkite; 16Jul73; MU8657)


MU8647.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, June 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 2Jul73; MU8647. (See also CBS evening news with Walter
Cronkite; 30Jul73; MU8677)


MU8649.

Performance of skills: The Pyramidal system. Teaching Films, Inc. 20
min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) ©
Teaching Films, Inc., division of A V Corporation; 28Jun73; MU8649.


MU8650.

Bodily sensation 2: Thalamus and cortex. Teaching Films, Inc. 17 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain function) © Teaching
Films, Inc., division of A V Corporation; 28Jun73; MU8650.


MU8651.

Bodily sensation 1: Conducting systems of cord and stem. Teaching Films,
Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The Anatomical basis of brain
function) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A V Corporation; 28Jun73;
MU8651.


MU8652.

It's my pleasure. Ambermare Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Ambermare
Films; 19Jun73; MU8652.


MU8653.

Days of the week. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Joan Dawson &
Stan Davis. © Joan Davis; 8Jun73; MU8653.


MU8654.

Birds who can't fly. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Joan Dawson &
Stan Davis. © Joan Davis; 8Jun73; MU8654.


MU8655.

Psychic surgery in the Philippines. Agatha Wojciechowsky. 20 min., b&w,
8 mm. © Agatha Wojciechowsky; 11Jun73; MU8655.


MU8656.

Pinto Nellie and Cowboy Lindy performing their trick routine. Louis E.
Lindenbaum. 2 reels, color. © Louis E. Lindenbaum; 20Jun73; MU8656.


MU8657.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, Apr. 18, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 16Jul73; MU8657. (See also CBS evening news with Walter
Cronkite; 4May73; MU8593)


MU8658.

A Stake in the future. An-Car Oil Company, Inc. 27 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © An-Car Oil Company, Inc.; 2Jul73; MU8658.


MU8659.

Every hour. Alberto Culver Company. 3rd revision. 30 sec., sd., color,
16 mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 22Aug73; MU8659.


MU8660.

Miss V O 5 is. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 22Aug73; MU8660.


MU8661.

Shopping 2. Alberto Culver Company. Revision 4. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Alberto Culver Company; 22Aug73; MU8661.


MU8662.

Twice as much. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 22Aug73; MU8662.


MU8663.

All three. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 22Aug73; MU8663.


MU8664.

Valley Forge. Caleb J. Deschanel & David V. Lester. 29 min., color, 35
mm. © Caleb J. Deschanel & David V. Lester; 9Jul73; MU8664.


MU8665.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, June 15, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8665.


MU8666.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, June 18, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8666.


MU8667.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, June 19, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8667.


MU8668.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, June 20, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8668.


MU8669.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, June 21, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8669.


MU8670.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, June 22, 1973. Columbia
Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 25Jul73; MU8670.


MU8671.

Good tidings of great joy. The Christian Science Board of Directors. 15
min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Christian Science Board of Directors;
25Jul73; MU8671.


MU8672.

The Bible lesson. The Christian Science Board of Directors. 26 min.,
sd., color, 16 mm. © The Christian Science Board of Directors; 25Jul73;
MU8672.


MU8673.

The Superstructure of truth. The Christian Science Board of Directors.
68 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © The Christian Science Board of Directors;
25Jul73; MU8673.


MU8674.

Rhythm of the marsh. Borden Productions, Inc. 52 min., color. Appl. au.:
Richard Borden. © Borden Productions, Inc.; 7Aug73; MU8674.


MU8675.

The Clean source. 5 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Walter Landor
Associates. © Portland General Electric Company; 7Sep73; MU8675.


MU8676.

Energy creates. 12 min., color, 35 mm. Appl. au.: Walter Landor
Associates. © Portland General Electric Company; 7Sep73; MU8676.


MU8677.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, June 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 30Jul73; MU8677. (See also CBS evening news with Walter
Cronkite; 2Jul73; MU8647)


MU8678.

Monday, June 25, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8678.


MU8679.

Tuesday, June 26, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8679.


MU8680.

Wednesday, June 27, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 27Jul73; MU868O.


MU8681.

Thursday, June 28, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8681.


MU8682.

Friday, June 29, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8682.


MU8683.

Monday, July 2, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8683.


MU8684.

Tuesday, July 3, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8684.


MU8685.

Wednesday, July 4, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8685.


MU8686.

Thursday, July 5, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8686.


MU8687.

Friday, July 6, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8687.


MU8688.

Monday, July 9, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8688.


MU8689.

Tuesday, July 10, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8689.


MU8690.

Wednesday, July 11, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8690.


MU8691.

Thursday, July 12, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8691.


MU8692.

Friday, July 13, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 27Jul73; MU8692.


MU8693.

Monday, July 16, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8693.


MU8694.

Tuesday, July 17, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8694.


MU8695.

Wednesday, July 18, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8695.


MU8696.

Thursday, July 19, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8696.


MU8697.

Friday, July 20, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8697.


MU8698.

Monday, July 23, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8698.


MU8699.

Tuesday, July 24, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8699.


MU8700.

Wednesday, July 25, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8700.


MU8701.

Thursday, July 26, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8701.


MU8702.

Friday, July 27, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8702.


MU8703.

Monday, July 30, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8703.


MU8704.

Tuesday, July 31, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8704.


MU8705.

Wednesday, August 1, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8705.


MU8706.

Thursday, August 2, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min.,
sd. (CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8706.


MU8707.

Friday, August 3, 1973. Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd.
(CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite) © Columbia Broadcasting System,
Inc.; 13Aug73; MU8707.


MU8708.

Personnel hiring and orientation. Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 21 min., sd.,
color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General
Motors Corporation; 14Aug73; MU8708.


MU8709.

Service advisors. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 21 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
14Aug73; MU8709.


MU8710.

How to sell trucks for light duty commercial usage. Chevrolet Motor
division, General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company,
Inc. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc.; 14Aug73; MU8710.


MU8711.

Priority one. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. Made
by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
14Aug73; MU8711.


MU8712.

How to sell trucks for personal transportation. Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company,
Inc. 17 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc.; 14Aug73; MU8712.


MU8713.

How to listen and establish two way communications. Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company,
Inc. 18 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc.; 14Aug73; MU8713.


MU8714.

How to increase your selling productivity. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 16
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © The Bill Sandy Company,
Inc.; 14Aug73; MU8714.


MU8715.

How to help people buy. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 16 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © The Bill Sandy Company, Inc.; 14Aug73;
MU8715.


MU8716.

Service department training. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 15 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 7Sep73; MU8716.


MU8717.

Tonight's the night. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color,
Super 8 mm. in cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 7Sep73; MU8717.


MU8718.

Get the message. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
Made by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 7 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
7Sep73; MU8718.


MU8719.

The Big game. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. Made
by the Bill Sandy Company, Inc. 6 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in
cartridge. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
7Sep73; MU8719.


MU8720.

The Icebox goeth. Westinghouse Electric Corporation. Made by the Bill
Sandy Company, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. ©
Westinghouse Electric Corporation; 7Sep73; MU8720.


MU8721.

The Frozen war, America intervenes in Russia, 1918–1920. Cadre Films. 29
min., b&w. Appl. au.: R. C. Raack, William F. Malloch & Patrick Griffin.
© R. C. Raack, William F. Malloch & Patrick Griffin, operating as a
partnership under the fictitious business names Cadre & Cadre Films;
20Aug73; MU8721.


MU8722.

Song to thee: Divine Androgyne. Rowena Pattee. 45 min., sd., color, 16
mm. © Rowena Pattee; 18Jun73; MU8722.


MU8723.

Garden isle. Roger Tilton Films, Inc. 11 min., sd., color, 70 mm. Appl.
au.: Roger Tilton. © Roger Tilton Films, Inc.; 17Sep73; MU8723.


MU8724.

A Quechua village in the Andes. Bernardo Vallejo-Proinca. 26 min., sd.,
color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Bernardo Vallejo-Proinca. © Bernardo
Vallejo-Proinca; 29May73; MU8724.


MU8725.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, August 6, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8725.


MU8726.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, August 7, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8726.


MU8727.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, August 8, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8727.


MU8728.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, August 9, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8728.


MU8729.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, August 10, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8729.


MU8730.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, August 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8730.


MU8731.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, August 14, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8731.


MU8732.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, August 15, 1973
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8732.


MU8733.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, August 16, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8733.


MU8734.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, August 17, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8734.


MU8735.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, August 20, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8735.


MU8736.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, August 21, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8736.


MU8737.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, August 22, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8737.


MU8738.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, August 23, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8738.


MU8739.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, August 24, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8739.


MU8740.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, August 27, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8740.


MU8741.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, August 28, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8741.


MU8742.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, August 29, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8742.


MU8743.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, August 30, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8743.


MU8744.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, August 31, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8744.


MU8745.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, September 3, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8745.


MU8746.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, September 4, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8746.


MU8747.

CBS evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, September 5, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8747.


MU8748.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, September 6, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8748.


MU8749.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, September 7, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8749.


MU8750.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, September 10, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8750.


MU8751.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, September 11, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8751.


MU8752.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, September 12, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8752.


MU8753.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, September 13, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8753.


MU8754.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, September 14, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 28Sep73; MU8754.


MU8755.

Human services organization and development described in system
terminology. The Human Ecology Institute. 13 min. Appl. au.: J. Jepson
Wulff. © The Human Ecology Institute; 26Sep73; MU8755.


MU8756.

Oral hygiene for the orthodontic patient. 9 min., color, 16 mm. (The
Prevention and control of dental disease) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
division of A-V Corporation; 1Oct73; MU8756.


MU8757.

Shopping 3. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec.; sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8757.


MU8758.

Blow up. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8758.


MU8759.

Country store. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8759.


MU8760.

Build up demo. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8760.


MU8761.

Change of pace. Alberto Culver Company. Rev. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8761.


MU8762.

Miss VO5 presents. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8762.


MU8763.

City girl. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8763.


MU8764.

New testament. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 15Oct73; MU8764.


MU8765.

Safe source. Portland General Electric Company. Made by Walter Landor
Associates. 4 min., color, 16 mm. © Portland General Electric Company;
23Oct73; MU8765.


MU8766.

Fission. Portland General Electric Company. Made by Walter Landor
Associates. 4 min., color, 16 mm. © Portland General Electric Company;
23Oct73; MU8766.


MU8767.

An Ounce of prevention. 20 min., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: John T.
Rosner, employer for hire. © John T. Rosner; 23Oct73; MU8767.


MU8768.

Amlesan animals. 4 min., si., color, 8 mm. Appl. au.: Francis J. Casale.
© Francis J. Casale; 12Oct73; MU8768.


MU8769.

To God. 3 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Georgia Patterson. © Georgia
Patterson; 15Oct73; MU8769.


MU8770.

First results. Alberto Culver. Rev. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver; 25Oct73; MU8770.


MU8771.

The trouble shooters. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. © Alberto Culver; 25Oct73; MU8771.


MU8772.

Come rain or shine. Alberto Culver. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. Add.
ti.: Come rain or come shine. © Alberto Culver; 25Oct73; MU8772.


MU8773.

Take the pledge. Alberto Culver. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver; 25Oct73; MU8773.


MU8774.

Vital link with the road. 17 min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: John
Ford. © Video Films, Inc.; 7Nov73; MU8774.


MU8775.

Concept. 60 min., color, sd. Appl. au.: Willie J. Sallette. © Third
World Productions; 21Nov73; MU8775.


MU8776.

Steam Farms, Incorporated — a geothermal energy story. 30 min., color.
(Geothermal energy series, no. 1) Appl. au.: Edward F. Wehlage. © Edward
F. Wehlage; 10Sep73; MU8776.


MU8777.

Apotheosis. 5 min., sd., color. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8777.


MU8778.

Innocence. 3 min., sd., color. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8778.


MU8779.

Enigma. 4 min., sd., b&w. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8779.


MU8780.

Olympiad. 3 min., sd., b&w. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8780.


MU8781.

Affinities. 5 min., sd., b&w. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8781.


MU8782.

Googolplex. 6 min., sd., b&w. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8782.


MU8783.

Mutations. 8 min., sd., color. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 9Nov73; MU8783.


MU8784.

Selling sportlines. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 27 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8784.


MU8785.

Selling Corvette. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill
Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8785.


MU8786.

Selling Camaro. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 12
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
27Sep73; MU8786.


MU8787.

Selling wagons. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 20
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
27Sep73; MU8787.


MU8788.

Selling Monte Carlo. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8788.


MU8789.

Selling Chevelle. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation
14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill
Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8789.


MU8790.

Selling Vega. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 17
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
27Sep73; MU8790.


MU8791.

Selling Nova. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 13
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
27Sep73; MU8791.


MU8792.

Selling Impala/Caprice. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8792.


MU8793.

Selling interiors and options. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8793.


MU8794.

Selling total truck value. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8794.


MU8795. Chevrolet suburbans. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8795.


MU8796.

Chevy van/sport van. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8796.


MU8797.

Chevrolet: The four wheel drive vehicles. Chevrolet Motor Division,
General Motors Corporation. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in
cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor
Division, General Motors Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8797.


MU8798.

Chevrolet medium duty trucks. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation. 14 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.:
The Bill Sandy Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
Corporation; 27Sep73; MU8798.


MU8799.

Chevrolet pickups. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
27Sep73; MU8799.


MU8800.

The Red fox. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Hobart L. Daggett. ©
Hobart L. Daggett; 4Dec73; MU8800.


MU8801.

Chevrolet Luv. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 11
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
21Nov73; MU8801.


MU8802.

Power to stop. Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation. 8
min., sd., color, Super 8 mm., in cartridge. Appl. au.: The Bill Sandy
Company, Inc. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation;
21Nov73; MU8802.


MU8803.

Sneakwence! 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Ronald Ziskin. © Ron
Ziskin; 10Dec73; MU8803.


MU8804.

Small world of ships. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Clifford
Carl Manske. © Clifford Carl Manske; 30Nov73; MU8804.


MU8805.

Mirror demo rev. C. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8805.


MU8806.

Works and fun. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8806.


MU8807.

Pro 60. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8807.


MU8808.

Showers of America. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8808.


MU8809.

Beach only. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8809.


MU8810.

Mirror demo rev. Al. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm.
© Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8810.


MU8811.

Experiment. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8811.


MU8812.

Multiple hands. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8812.


MU8813.

What every girl knows. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16
mm. Add. ti.: What every girl should know. © Alberto Culver Company;
5Dec73; MU8813.


MU8814.

Family. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alberto
Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8814.


MU8815.

Angus and Lou. Alberto Culver Company. 30 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
Alberto Culver Company; 5Dec73; MU8815.


MU8816.

The Movies go west. 15 min., si., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Geoffrey Bell.
NM: new motion picture utilizing brief sequences from prev. pub. films.
© Geoffrey Bell; 18Dec73; MU8816.


MU8817.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, September 17, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8817.


MU8818.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, September 18, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8818.


MU8819.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, September 19, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8819.


MU8820.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, September 20, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8820.


MU8821.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, September 21, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8821.


MU8822.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, September 24, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8822.


MU8823.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, September 25, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8823.


MU8824.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, September 26, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8824.


MU8825.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, September 27, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8825.


MU8826.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, September 28, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 19Nov73; MU8826.


MU8827.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, October 1, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8827.


MU8828.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, October 2, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8828.


MU8829.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, October 3, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8829.


MU883O.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, October 4, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8830.


MU8831.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, October 5, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8831.


MU8832.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, October 8, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8832.


MU8833.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, October 9, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8833.


MU8834.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, October 10, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 60 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8834.


MU8835.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, October 11, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8835.


MU8836.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, October 12, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec75; MU8836.


MU8837.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, October 15, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8837.


MU8838.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, October 16, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8838.


MU8839.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, October 17, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8839.


MU8840.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, October 18, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8840.


MU8841.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, October 19, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8841.


MU8842.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, October 22, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8842.


MU8843.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, October 23, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8843.


MU8844.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, October 24, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8844.


MU8845.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, October 25, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8845.


MU8846.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, October 26, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8846.


MU8847.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, October 29, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8847.


MU8848.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, October 30, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8848.


MU8849.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, October 31, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8849.


MU8850.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, November 1, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU885O.


MU8851.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, November 2, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8851.


MU8852.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Monday, November 5, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8852.


MU8853.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Tuesday, November 6, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8853.


MU8854.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Wednesday, November 7, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8854.


MU8855.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Thursday, November 8, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8855.


MU8856.

C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite. Friday, November 9, 1973.
Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc. 30 min., sd. © Columbia Broadcasting
System, Inc.; 5Dec73; MU8856.


MU8857.

Tornado. 6 min., color, Super 8 mm. in cartridge. Appl. au.: Donald D.
Patterson. © Donald D. Patterson; 17Dec73; MU8857.


MU8858.

Mathoms. 3 min., sd., color. Appl. au.: Lillian Schwartz. © Lillian
Schwartz; 20Dec73; MU8858.


MU8859.

Fasloc—an umbrella of safety. 18 mm., sd., color, 16 mm. © E. I. DuPont
DeNemours and Company, Inc.; 13Dec73; MU8859.


MU8860.

Yalalag: changing town. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. au.: Fern
Productions Company. © John P. Jopling; 18Dec73; MU8860.


MU8861.

Standing up country. 22 min., sd., color. Appl. au.: Roger Tilton. ©
Reuben H. Fleet Space Theater; 17Dec73; MU8861.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list of motion pictures for which renewal registrations were made
during the period covered by this issue. Arrangement is by registration
number; as renewal registrations are numbered continuously for all
classes, there will be breaks in the sequence for any given type of
material. Information relating to both the original and the renewal
registration is included in each entry.


R554753.

Man from Oklahoma. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 12Jul45;
L13378. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R554753.


R554754.

Man from Oklahoma. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 2Aug45;
L13484. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R554754.


R554755.

Sunset in El Dorado. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 29Sep45;
L13509. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R554755.


R554756.

Don't fence me in. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 11Oct45;
L13524. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R554756.


R554772.

The Kid from Brooklyn. By Trinity Productions, Inc. 14 reels. © 18Apr46;
L378. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 5Jul73; R554772.


R555066.

One more tomorrow. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 1Jun46;
L352. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555066.


R555067.

Janie gets married. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
22Jun46; L399. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555067.


R555068.

A Stolen life. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 107 min. © 29Jun46;
L429. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555068.


R555069.

Of human bondage. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 30Jun46;
L445. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555069.


R555070.

Acrobatty bunny. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Jun46; M761.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555070.


R555071.

The Riding Hannefords. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 25Jun46;
M762. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555071.


R555072.

Musical memories. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 29Jun46; M824.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555072.


R555073.

Beach days. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 28Jun46; M855.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555073.


R555074.

South of Monterrey. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 20 min. © 30Jun46;
M866. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555074.


R555075.

Down Singapore way. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 16Jun46;
M1024. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul73; R555075.


R555104.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 277. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Jun46; M765. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555104.


R555105.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 278. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Jun46; M766. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555105.


R555106.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 279. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Jun46; M955. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555106.


R555107.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 280. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 14Jun46; M956. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555107.


R555108.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 281. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Jun46; M957. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555108.


R555109.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 282. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Jun46; M958. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555109.


R555110.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 283. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Jun46; M959. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555110.


R555111.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 284. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Jun46; M960. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Jul73; R555111.


R555112.

Tarzan and the leopard woman. By Sol Lesser Productions, Inc. 8 reels. ©
31Dec45; L254. NGC Television, Inc. (PWH); 9Jul73; R555112.


R555226.

A Flaming trap. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 6) © 6Jun46; L331. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555226.


R555227.

One chance for life. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 7) © 20Jun46; L332. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555227.


R555228.

Renegades. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 13Jun46; L381.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555228.


R555229.

Dangerous business. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
20Jun46; L390. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73;
R555229.


R555230.

The Return of Rusty. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. © 20Jun46; L391.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555230.


R555231.

The Walls came tumbling down. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. ©
7Jun46; L509. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73;
R555231.


R555232.

Picnic panic. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Jun46; L549. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555232.


R555233.

Snap happy traps. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jun46; L577. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555233.


R555234.

Ain't love cuckoo? By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 6Jun46;
L603. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555234.


R555235.

Monkey businessmen. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
20Jun46; L827. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73;
R555235.


R555236.

Screen snapshots. Series 25, no. 10. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 10Jun46; M982. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
12Jul73; R555236.


R555237.

Community sing. Series 10, no. 10. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 13Jun46; M1051. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
12Jul73; R555237.


R555238.

Flying hoofs. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 27Jun46; M1089. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
12Jul73; R555238.


R555239.

Film vodvil. Series 3, no. 6. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
© 16Jun46; M1216. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73;
R555239.


R555323.

Northwest hounded police. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jul46; L480.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555323.


R555324.

The Cockeyed miracle. By Loew's, Inc. 9 reels. © 11Jul46; L481.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Jul73; R555324.


R555360.

Our hearts were growing up. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. ©
14Jun46; L375. E M K A, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
18Jun73; R555360.


R555465.

Black market babies. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
6Dec45; L5. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 17Jul73; R555465.


R555466.

Border bandits. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 5Dec45;
L20. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 17Jul73; R555466.


R555467.

The Red dragon. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 22Dec45;
L74. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 17Jul73; R555467.


R555470.

Paramount news. No. 84. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Jun46;
M823. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555470.


R555471.

Paramount news. No. 85. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 22Jun46;
M848. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555471.


R555472.

Paramount news. No. 86. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Jun46;
M849. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555472.


R555473.

Paramount news. No. 87. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 29Jun46;
M867. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555473.


R555474.

Paramount news. No. 88. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Jul46;
M868. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555474.


R555475.

Paramount news. No. 89. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jul46;
M902. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555475.


R555476.

Paramount news. No. 90. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Jul46;
M903. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555476.


R555477.

Paramount news. No. 91. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Jul46;
M927. Major News Library (PWH); 13Jul73; R555477.


R555478.

Paramount news. No. 92. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Jul46;
M928. Major News Library (PWH); 17Jul73; R555478.


R555969.

Holiday in Mexico. By Loew's, Inc. 14 reels. © 16Jul46; L482.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jul73; R555969.


R556064.

Paramount news. No. 93. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Jul46;
M939. Major News Library (PWH); 26Jul73; R556064.


R556065.

Paramount news. No. 94. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Jul46;
M940. Major News Library (PWH); 26Ju173; R556065.


R556222.

Paramount news. No. 95. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Jul46;
M975. Major News Library (PWH); 31Jul73; R556222.


R556223.

Paramount news. No. 96. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Jul46;
M976. Major News Library (PWH); 31Jul73; R556223.


R556320.

The Lonesome trail. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 8Dec45;
L11. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 3Aug73; R556320.


R556430.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 285. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. ©. 3Jul46; M961. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556430.


R556431.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 286. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Jul46; M962. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556431.


R556432.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 287. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 10Jul46; M963. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556432.


R556433.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 288. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 12Jul46; M964. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556433.


R556434.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 289. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 17Jul46; M965. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556434.


R556435.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 290. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 19Jul46; M966. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556435.


R556436.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 291. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Jul46; M984. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556436.


R556437.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 292. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Jul46; M985. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556437.


R556438.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 293. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 31Jul46; M1039. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of The
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 8Aug73; R556438.


R556546.

White fumes of fate. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 8) © 4Jul46; L333. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556546.


R556547.

Cowboy blues. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 18Jul46;
L510. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556547.


R556548.

The Unknown. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 4Jul46; L521.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556548.


R556549.

Sing while you dance. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
25Jul46; L522. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73;
R556549.


R556550.

Chick Carter takes over. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 3 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 1) © 11Jul46; L524. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556550.


R556551.

Jump to eternity. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 2) © 18Jul46; L525. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556551.


R556552.

Grinding wheels. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 3) © 25Jul46; L526. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556552.


R556553.

You can't fool a fool. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
11Jul46; L606. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73;
R556553.


R556554.

Hot water. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 25Jul46; L623.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556554.


R556555.

Cagey bird. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jul46; L646. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556555.


R556556.

The Schooner the better. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jul46; L647.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556556.


R556557.

Three loan wolves. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 4Jul46;
L699. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556557.


R556558.

Dr. Tobor's revenge. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 9) © 12Jul46; L805. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556558.


R556559.

Juggernaut of fate. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 10) © 19Jul46; L8O6. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556559.


R556560.

Flying to oblivion. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 11) © 26Jul46; L807. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73; R556560.


R556561.

The Desert horseman. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
11Jul46; L817. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73;
R556561.


R556562.

Community sing. Series 10, no. 11. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 11Jul46; M1052. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
9Aug73; R556562.


R556563.

Film vodvil. Series 3, no. 7. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
© 18Jul46; M1217. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 9Aug73;
R556563.


R556564.

Deep sea fishing. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World
of sports) © 25Jul46; M1281. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
9Aug73; R556564.


R556654.

The Purloined pup. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 11Apr46; L337.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 6Aug73; R556654.


R556655.

Double dribble. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 25Jul46; L1122.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 6Aug73; R556655.


R556821.

The Showoff. By Loew's, Inc. 9 reels. © 6Aug46; L494.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8Aug73; R556821.


R556961.

Perfect marriage. By Hal Wallis Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 18Jul46;
L436. E M K A, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Aug73;
R556961.


R556962.

To each his own. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 5Jul46; L440. E
M K A, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Aug73; R556962.


R556963.

O. S. S. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 26Jul46; L474. E M K A,
division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Aug73; R556963.


R557005.

Live wires. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 12Jan46; L19.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 10Aug73; R557005.


R557006.

Drifting along. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 26Jan46;
L79. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 10Aug73; R557006.


R557007.

Swing parade of 1946. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. ©
3Feb46; L138. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 10Aug73;
R557007.


R557095.

Spellbound. By Vanguard Films, Inc. 12 reels. © 28Dec45; L13711.
American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 13Aug73; R557095.


R557096.

The Spiral staircase. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 31Dec45;
L123. American Broadcasting Companies, Inc. (PWH); 13Aug73; R557096.


R557176.

Madonna of the seven moons. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10
reels. © 30Jan46; L88. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 6Aug73;
R557176.


R557267.

Stagecoach outlaws. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 17Aug45;
L13578. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 16Aug73; R557267.


R557303.

Paramount news. No. 98. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Aug46;
M1010. Major News Library (PWH); 9Aug73; R557303.


R557304.

Paramount news. No. 97. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 3Aug46;
M1009. Major News Library (PWH); 9Aug73; R557304.


R557419.

A Game of death. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 23Nov45; L2.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557419.


R557420.

Follow that woman. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 21Dec45; L7.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557420.


R557421.

Dangerous intruder. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 21Nov45; L416.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557421.


R557422.

Rendezvous with Annie. By Republic Productions, Inc. 9 reels. © 5Jun46;
L425. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557422.


R557423.

G. I. war brides. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 8Jul46; L450.
Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557423.


R557424.

Red River renegades. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels. © 8Jul46;
L451. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557424.


R557425.

I've always loved you. By Republic Productions, Inc. 12 reels. ©
21Jun46; L452. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557425.


R557426.

Daughter of Don Q. Chap. 7–12. By Republic Productions, Inc. 12 reels. ©
19Jul46; L503. Repix, Inc. (PWH); R557426.


R557427.

The Crimson ghost. Chap. 1–6. By Republic Productions, Inc. 12 reels. ©
2Aug46; L504. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557427.


R557428.

Earl Carroll sketchbook. By Republic Productions, Inc. 10 reels. ©
30Jul46; L506. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557428.


R557429.

Affairs of Geraldine. By Republic Productions, Inc. 8 reels. © 19Jul46;
L593. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557429.


R557430.

The Mysterious Mister Valentine. By Republic Productions, Inc. 6 reels.
© 2Sep46; L594. Repix, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557430.


R557431.

Flaming bullets. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 15Oct45; L13573.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557431.


R557432.

Apology for murder. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 27Sep45;
L13574. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557432.


R557433.

Border bad men. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 10Oct45; L13575.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557433.


R557434.

Club Havana. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 5Nov45; L13581.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557434.


R557435.

Arson squad. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 11Sep45; L13609.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557435.


R557436.

Frontier fugitives. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 1Sep45;
L13640. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557436.


R557437.

The Enchanted forest. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 9 reels. © 17Nov45;
L13641. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557437.


R557438.

Fighting Bill Carson. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 31Oct45;
L13658. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557438.


R557439.

Lightning raiders. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 10Dec45;
L13704. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Aug73; R557439.


R557511.

Paramount news. No. 99. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Aug46;
M1053. Major News Library (PWH); 17Aug73; R557511.


R557512.

Paramount news. No. 100. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Aug46;
M1054. Major News Library (PWH); 17Aug73; R557512.


R557513.

Paramount news. No. 101. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Aug46;
M1006. Major News Library (PWH); 22Aug73; R557513.


R557514.

Paramount news. No. 102. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Aug46;
M1067. Major News Library (PWH); 22Aug73; R557514.


R557729.

Paramount news number 103. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
24Aug46; M1077. Major News Library (PWH); 28Aug73; R557729.


R557779.

No leave, no love. By Loew's, Inc. 13 reels. © 27Aug46; L538.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Aug73; R557779.


R557855.

Partners in time. By Jack William Votion Productions, Inc. 8 reels. ©
18Apr46; L377. Chester H. Lauck (PWH); 7Sep73; R557855.


R557858.

Johnny in the clouds. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. 11 reels. ©
15Mar46; L307. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 12Sep73; R557858.


R557859.

They were sisters. By Universal Pictures Company. Inc. 11 reels. ©
12Jul46; L444. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 12Sep73; R557859.


R557860.

The Seventh veil. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
30Jul46; L473. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 12Sep73; R557860.


R557878. Paramount news number 104. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel.
© 28Aug46; M1O78. Major News Library (PWH); 30Aug73; R557878.


R557879.

Black Beauty. By Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 8 reels. © 3Aug46;
L609. Alan Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug73; R557879.


R557883.

Heading West. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 15Aug46;
L511. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R557883.


R557921.

Pluto's housewarming. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 19Aug46;
L1128. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Sep73; R557921.


R557922.

Song of the South. By Walt Disney Productions. 8494 ft. © 12Aug46;
L1379. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 4Sep73; R557922.


R558034.

Solid serenade. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep46; L555.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558034.


R558035.

Traffic with the Devil. By Loew's, Inc. 2 reels. © 4Sep46; M1O57.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558035.


R558036.

Over the seas to Belfast. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep46; M1O58.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558036.


R558037.

Football thrills. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep46; M1059.
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558037.


R558099.

Rocket to Mars. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Aug46; L489.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558099.


R5581OO.

The Missing lady. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 20Jul46;
L490. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558100.


R5581O1.

Two guys from Milwaukee. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
17Aug46; L495. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558101.


R558102.

Night and day. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 16 reels. © 3Aug46;
L496. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558102.


R558103.

Rodeo Romeo. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Aug46; L508. United
Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558103.


R558104.

The Big sleep. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 31Aug46;
L534. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558104.


R5581O5.

Of thee I sting. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Aug46; M969.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558105.


R338106.

Walky talky hawky. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Aug46;
M1O56. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558106.


R558107.

Fair and wormer. By The Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 31Aug46; M1116.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558107.


R558108.

Her adventurous night. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. ©
8Jul46; L431. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558108.


R558109.

Danger woman. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 8Jul46;
L432. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558109.


R55811O.

Cuban Pete. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 18Jul46;
L446. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558110.


R558111.

Canyon passage. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 18Jul46;
L447. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558111.


R558112.

Breakin' it down. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 8Jul46;
L457. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558112.


R558113.

The Dark horse. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 8Jul46;
L459. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558113.


R558114.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 515. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 2Jul46; M886. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558114.


R558115.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 516. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jul46; M887. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558115.


R558116.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 18, no. 517. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 9Jul46; M888. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558116.


R558117.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 518. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 11Jul46; M889. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558117.


R558118.

The Reckless driver. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Jul46; M896. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558118.


R558119.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 519. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 16Jul46; M914. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558119.


R558120.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 520. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jul46; M915. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558120.


R558121.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 521. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 23Jul46; M929. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558121.


R558122.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 522. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jul46; M930. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558122.


R558123.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 523. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 30Jul46; M967. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558123.


R558124.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 494. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 18Apr46; M626. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558124.


R558125.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 495. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 23Apr46; M627. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558125.


R558126.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 496. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 25Apr46; M628. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558126.


R558127.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 497. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 30Apr46; M629. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558127.


R558128.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 498. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 2May46; M63O. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558128.


R558129.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 499. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 7May46; M631. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558129.


R558130.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 500. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 9May46; M632. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558130.


R558131.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 501. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 14May46; M633. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558131.


R538132.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 502. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 16May46; M634. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558132.


R558133.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 503. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 21May46; M736. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558133.


R558134.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 504. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 23May46; M737. Universal Pictures (PWH) 4Sep73; R558134.


R558135.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 505. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 28May46; M738. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558135.


R558136.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 506. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 30May46; M739. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558136.


R558137.

Dog of the seven seas. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
6Jun46; M740. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558137.


R558138.

Picture pioneer. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jun46;
M741. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558138.


R558139.

Artist's antics. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jun46;
M742. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558139.


R558140.

Lone Star padre. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jun46;
M745. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558140.


R558141.

The Poet and the peasant. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter
Lantz Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 8Feb46; M786. Universal Pictures &
Walter Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558141.


R558142.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 507. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 4Jun46; M787. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558142.


R558143.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 508. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 6Jun46; M788. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558143.


R538144.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 509. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 11Jun46; M789. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558144.


R558145.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 510. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 13Jun46; M790. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558145.


R558146.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 511. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 18Jun46; M791. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558146.


R558147.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 512. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 20Jun46; M792. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558147.


R558148.

Magic mineral. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Jun46;
M825. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558148.


R558149.

Mr. Chimp at home. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
12Jun46; M826. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558149.


R558150.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 513. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 25Jun46; M884. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558150.


R558151.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 514. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 27Jun46; M885. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R558151.


R558152.

Bathing buddies. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 13May46; M913. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R558152.


R558281.

Paramount news. No. 3. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Sep46;
M1117. Major News Library (PWH); 7Sep73; R558281.


R558282.

Paramount news. No. 1. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 31Aug46;
M1096. Major News Library (PWH); 5Sep73; R558282.


R558283.

Paramount news. No. 2. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Sep46;
M1097. Major News Library (PWH); 5Sep73; R558283.


R558291.

Chick Carter trapped. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 4) © 1Aug46; L527. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558291.


R558292.

Out of control. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 5) © 8Aug46; L528. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558292.


R558293.

Chick Carter's quest. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 6) © 15Aug46; L529. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558293.


R558294.

Chick Carter's frame up. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 7) © 22Aug46; L548. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558294.


R558295.

Chick Carter gives chase. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 8) © 29Aug46; L561. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558295.


R558296.

Personality kid. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 8Aug46;
L590. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558296.


R558297.

Mr. Wright goes wrong. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
8Aug46; L602. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73;
R558297.


R558298.

Headin' for a weddin'. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. ©
22Aug46; L605. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73;
R558298.


R558299.

Mysto fox. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Aug46; L641. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558299.


R558300.

Lost in the skies. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. 12) © 2Aug46; L796. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 30Aug73; R558300.


R558301.

No escape. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop Harrigan,
chap. no. 13) © 9Aug46; L797. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
30Aug73; R558301.


R558302.

The Chute that failed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 14) © 16Aug46; L798. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558302.


R558303.

The Fate of the world. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Hop
Harrigan, chap. no. 15) © 23Aug46; L799. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 30Aug73; R558303.


R558304.

Community sing. Series 10, no. 12. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 10Aug46; M1466. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
30Aug73; R558304.


R558415.

Dead of night. By Ealing Studios, Ltd. 8 reels. © 9Sep45; L497. Anglo
EMI Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 10May73; R558415.


R558416.

When clocks chime death. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels.
(The Mysterious Mister M, no. 1) © 1Aug46; L485. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558416.


R558417.

Danger downward. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 2) © 1Aug46; L486. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558417.


R558418.

Flood of flames. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 3) © 1Aug46; L487. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558418.


R558419.

The Double trap. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 4) © 1Aug46; L488. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558419.


R558420.

Highway execution. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 5) © 28Aug46; L539. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558420.


R558421.

Heavier than water. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 6) © 28Aug46; L540. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558421.


R558422.

Strange collision. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 7) © 28Aug46; L541. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558422.


R558423.

When friend kills friend. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels.
(The Mysterious Mister M, no. 8) © 28Aug46; L542. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558423.


R558424.

Parachute peril. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 9) © 6Sep46; L581. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558424.


R558425.

The Human time bomb. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 10) © 6Sep46; L582. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558425.


R558426.

The Key to murder. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 11) © 6Sep46; L583. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH): 10Sep73; R558426.


R558427.

High line smashup. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 12) © 6Sep46; L584. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558427.


R558428.

The Real Mister M. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. (The
Mysterious Mister M, no. 13) © 6Sep46; L585. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 10Sep73; R558428.


R558522.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 294. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Aug46; M1040. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558522.


R558523.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 295. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 7Aug46; M1041. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558523.


R558524.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 296. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Aug46; M1042. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558524.


R558525.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 297. 1 reel. © 14Aug46; M1108.
Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation (PWH);
7Sep73; R558525.


R558526.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 298. 1 reel. © 16Aug46; M1109.
Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst Corporation (PWH);
7Sep73; R558526.


R558527.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 299. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 21Aug46; M1110. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558527.


R558528.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 300. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 23Aug46; M1111. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558528.


R558529.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 301. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 28Aug46; M1112. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R558529.


R558530.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 302. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Aug46; M1113. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Sep73; R55853O.


R559101.

Paramount news number 4. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Sep46;
M1118. Major News Library (PWH); 18Sep73; R559101.


R559295.

Paramount news number 5. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Sep46;
M1174. Major News Library (PWH); 19Sep73; R559295.


R559296.

Paramount news number 6. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Sep46;
M1175. Major News Library (PWH); 19Sep73; R559296.


R559577.

Gallant Bess. By Loew's, Inc. 10 reels. © 17Sep46; L588. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Sep73; R559377.


R559866.

Paramount news. No. 7. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Sep46;
M1176. Major News Library (PWH); 26Sep73; R559866.


R559867.

Paramount news. No. 8. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Sep46;
M1177. Major News Library (PWH); 26Sep73; R559867.


R560440.

Glimpses of California. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Sep46; M1226. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Oct73; R560440.


R560578.

Who's cookin' who? By Walter Lantz Productions, Inc. & Universal
Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 13May46; M912. Universal Pictures
(PWH); 28Sep73; R560578.


R560579.

Universal newsreel. No. 486. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 21Mar46; M462. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560579.


R56058O.

Universal newsreel. No. 487. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 26Mar46; M463. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560580.


R560581.

Universal newsreel. No. 488. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 28Mar46; M464. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560581.


R560582.

Apple Andy. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Apr46; M535. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R560582.


R560583.

Scientifically stung. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
13May46; M620. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560583.


R560584.

Universal newsreel. No. 489. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 2Apr46; M621. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560584.


R560585.

Universal newsreel. No. 490. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 4Apr46; M622. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560585.


R560586.

Universal newsreel. No. 491. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 9Apr46; M623. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560586.


R560587.

Universal newsreel. No. 492. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 11Apr46; M624. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560587.


R560588.

Universal newsreel. No. 493. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 16Apr46; M625. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560588.


R560589.

Universal newsreel. No. 478. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 21Feb46; M321. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560589.


R560590.

Universal newsreel. No. 479. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 26Feb46; M322. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560590.


R560591.

Universal newsreel. No. 480. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 28Feb46; M323. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560591.


R560592.

Universal newsreel. No. 481. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 5Mar46; M324. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560592.


R560593.

Universal newsreel. No. 482. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 7Mar46; M325. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560593.


R560594.

Mousie come home. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Feb46; M351. Universal Pictures & Walter
Lantz Productions, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep73; R560594.


R560595.

Merrily we sing. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Apr46;
M458. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560595.


R560596.

Universal newsreel. No. 483. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 12Mar46; M459. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560596.


R560597.

Universal newsreel. No. 484. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 14Mar46; M460. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560597.


R560598.

Universal newsreel. No. 485. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 19Mar46; M461. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560598.


R560599.

Universal newsreel. No. 476. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 14Feb46; M319. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560599.


R560600.

Universal newsreel. No. 477. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 19Feb46; M320. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R56O6OO.


R560601.

Idea girl. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 8Feb46; L430.
Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560601.


R560602.

Sing and be happy. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
25Jan46; M176. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560602.


R560603.

Wings of courage. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Mar46;
M307. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560603.


R560604.

Cartoon crusader. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Mar46;
M308. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560604.


R560605.

Dog tale. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Mar46; M309.
Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560605.


R560606.

Script teas. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 21Mar46;
M310. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560606.


R560607.

Chimp on the loose. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
21Mar46; M311. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560607.


R560608.

Universal newsreels. No. 473. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1
reel. © 5Feb46; M316. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560608.


R560609.

Universal newsreel. No. 474. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 7Feb46; M317. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560609.


R560610.

Universal newsreel. No. 475. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 12Feb46; M318. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R56O61O.


R560611.

Smooth as silk. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. © 21Mar46;
L162. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560611.


R560612.

House of horrors. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. ©
21Mar46; L163. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560612.


R560613.

Tangier. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. © 21Feb46; L183.
Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560613.


R560614.

Takin' the breaks. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
9Apr46; L246. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560614.


R560615.

Banquet of melody. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
9Apr46; L247. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560615.


R560616.

The Spider woman strikes back. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7
reels. © 9Apr46; L256. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560616.


R560617.

Blonde alibi. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. © 9Apr46;
L257. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560617.


R560618.

Little giant. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 21Feb46;
L284. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560618.


R560619.

The Cat creeps. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 11Apr46;
L285. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560619.


R560620.

She wolf of London. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. ©
11Apr46; L286. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560620.


R560621.

Strange conquest. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. © 9Apr46;
L287. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560621.


R560622.

She wrote the book. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. ©
13May46; L361. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560622.


R560623.

Inside job. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. © 6Jun46; L362.
Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560623.


R560624.

Tiny terrors of the timberland. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2
reels. © 6Jun46; L403. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560624.


R560625.

Swingin' down the scale. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
13May46; L404. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560625.


R560626.

The Runaround. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 10 reels. © 6Jun46;
L405. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560626.


R560627.

Lover come back. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
12Jun46; L419. Universal Pictures (PWH); 4Sep73; R560627.


R560628.

Little Miss Big. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 60 min. © 27Aug46;
L545. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560628.


R560629.

Universal newsreel. No. 524. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 1Aug46; M968. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560629.


R560630.

A Bit of blarney. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Aug46;
M1026. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560630.


R560631.

Hobo hound. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Aug46;
M1027. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560631.


R560632.

Samson Junior. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Aug46;
M1028. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560632.


R560633.

Rural rhapsody. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Aug46;
M1029. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560633.


R560634.

Mister Chimp to the rescue. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 23Aug46; M1030. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560634.


R560635.

Mister Chimp on vacation. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
23Aug46; M1031. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560635.


R560636.

Universal newsreel. No. 525. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 6Aug46; M1032. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560636.


R560637.

Universal newsreel. No. 526. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 8Aug46; M1033. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560637.


R560638.

Universal newsreel. No. 527. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 13Aug46; M1043. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560638.


R560639.

Universal newsreel. No. 528. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 15Aug46; M1044. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560639.


R560640.

Universal newsreel. No. 529. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 20Aug46; M1045. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560640.


R560641.

Universal newsreel. No. 530. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 22Aug46; M1046. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560641.


R560642.

Universal newsreel. No. 531. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 27Aug46; M1102. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560642.


R560643.

Universal newsreel. No. 532. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel.
© 29Aug46; M1103. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560643.


R560644.

Monsieur Beaucaire. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 30Aug46;
L563. E M K A, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 6Sep73;
R560644.


R560645.

Slightly scandalous. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 7 reels. ©
14Aug46; L498. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560645.


R560646.

Black angel. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 14Aug46;
L499. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560646.


R560647.

Frontier frolic. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 14Aug46;
L500. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560647.


R560648.

Wild beauty. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 21Aug46;
L512. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560648.


R560649.

Time of their lives. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 8 reels. ©
21Aug46; L513. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560649.


R560650.

The Killers. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. © 21Aug46;
L514. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560650.


R560651.

Rustler's roundup. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. ©
27Aug46; L543. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560651.


R560652.

Lawless breed. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 27Aug46;
L544. Universal Pictures (PWH); 7Sep73; R560652.


R560703.

News of the day. Vol. 17, issue no. 303. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Sep46; M1154. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560703.


R560704.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 200. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 5Sep46; M1155. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560704.


R560705.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 201. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Sep46; M1186. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560705.


R560706.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 202. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Sep46; M1187. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560706.


R560707.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 203. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Apr46; M1188. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560707.


R560708.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 204. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Sep46; M1189. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560708.


R560709. News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 205. By Hearst Metrotone
News, Inc. 1 reel. © 25Sep46; M1258. Hearst Metrotone News, a division
of the Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560709.


R560710.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 206. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 26Sep46; M1259. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 9Oct73; R560710.


R560762.

Cloak and dagger. By United States Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. © 28Sep46;
L604. Richard Feiner and Company, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct73; R560762.


R560763. Paramount news. No. 9. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. ©
28Sep46; M1208. Major News Library (PWH); 5Oct73; R560763.


R560764.

Paramount news. No. 10. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Oct46;
M1209. Major News Library (PWH); 5Oct73; R560764.


R560765.

Paramount news. No. 11. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 5Oct46;
M1232. Major News Library (PWH); 5Oct73; R560765.


R560797.

Crackup. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 19Jun46; L434. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560797.


R560798.

The Bamboo blonde. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 12Jun46; L435.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560798.


R560799.

Sunset pass. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 29Jul46; L558. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560799.


R560800.

Till the end of time. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 23Jul46;
L559. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R5608OO.

R560801.

Step by step. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 24Jul46; L560. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560801.


R560802.

Lady luck. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 30Aug46; L702. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560802.


R560803.

Genius at work. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 31Jul46; L706.
RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560803.


R560804.

Criminal court. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 7Aug46; L708. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560804.


R560805.

Sister Kenny. By RKO Radio Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 28Sep46; L717. RKO
General, Inc. (PWH); 9Oct73; R560805.


R560927.

Paramount news. No. 12. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Oct46;
M1233. Major News Library (PWH); 12Oct73; R560927.


R560931.

Shadows in the night. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 9) © 5Sep46; L571. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560931.


R560932.

Run to earth. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick Carter,
detective, chap. 10) © 12Sep46; L587. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 11Oct73; R560932.


R560933.

Singing on the trail. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
12Sep46; L591. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73;
R560933.


R560934.

Hurled into space. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 11) © 19Sep46; L596. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560934.


R560935.

Chick Carter faces death. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 12) © 26Sep46; L611. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560935.


R560936.

Gallant journey. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 9 reels. © 24Sep46;
L663. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560936.


R560937.

Shadowed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 26Sep46; L664.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560937.


R560938.

Landrush. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 15Sep46; L665.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560938.


R560939.

The Thrill of Brazil. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. ©
30Sep46; L673. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73;
R560939.


R560940.

It's great to be young. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
12Sep46; L700. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73;
R560940.


R560941.

The Jolson story. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 14 reels. © 12Sep46;
L732. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560941.


R560942.

G. I. wanna home? By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 5Sep46;
L788. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560942.


R560943.

Film vodvil. Series 3, no. 8. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
© 10Sep46; M1218. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73;
R560943.


R560944.

Army football champions. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The
World of sports) © 19Sep46; M1467. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 11Oct73; R560944.


R560945.

Jerry Wald and his orchestra. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
(Thrills of music, series 1, vol. 1) © 12Sep46; M1471. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560945.


R560946.

Community sing. Series 11, no. 1. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 12Sep46; M1474. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
11Oct73; R560946.


R560947.

Radio characters of 1946. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
(Screen snapshots, series 26, no. 1) © 5Sep46; M1492. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R560947.


R561012.

Undercurrent. By Loew's, Inc. 12 reels. © 9Oct46; L630. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R561012.


R561013.

Henpecked hoboes. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 10Oct46; L644. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R561013.


R561014.

The Mighty McGurk. By Loew's, Inc. 9 reels. © 10Oct46; L645. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Oct73; R561014.


R561383.

Song of old Wyoming. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 4Nov45;
L13580. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561383.


R561384.

Why girls leave home. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 5Nov45;
L13590. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561384.


R561385.

Prairie rustlers. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 20Nov45; L13659.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561385.


R561386.

Woman who came back. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 28Nov45;
L13677. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561386.


R561387.

Navajo Kid. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 8Dec45; L13700.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561387.


R561388.

Shadow of terror. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 5Nov45; L415.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 17Oct73; R561388.


R561403.

The Notorious gentleman. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 13 reels. ©
16Sep46; L575. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Oct73; R561403.


R561404.

Caesar and Cleopatra. By General Film Distributors, Ltd. 14 reels. ©
16Aug46; L608. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 18Oct73; R561404.


R561504.

My brother talks to horses. By Loew's, Inc. 9 reels. © 18Oct46; L653.
Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct73; R561504.


R561505.

Sure cures. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 17Oct46; M1260. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct73; R561505.


R561678.

The Haunted mine. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 23Feb46;
L143. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561678.


R561679.

Moon over Montana. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 17Feb46;
L150. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561679.


R561680.

Dark alibi. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 26Mar46; L184.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561680.


R561681.

The Gay cavalier. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 15Mar46;
L208. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561681.


R561682.

Junior prom. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 17Feb46; L219.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561682.


R561683.

Under Arizona skies. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
2Apr46; L224. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73;
R561683.


R561684.

West of the Alamo. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 27Mar46;
L238. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561684.


R561685.

Joe Palooka, champ. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 1Apr46;
L301. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561685.


R561686.

Suspense. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 11 reels. © 2Apr46; L302.
Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561686.


R561687.

Strange voyage. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 2Apr46;
L308. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561687.


R561688.

In fast company. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 2Apr46;
L339. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation (PWH); 25Oct73; R561688.


R561719.

Paramount news. No. 13. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 12Oct46;
M1278. Major News Library (PWH); 25Oct73; R561719.


R561720.

Paramount news. No. 14. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Oct46;
M1279. Major News Library (PWH); 25Oct73; R561720.


R561721.

Paramount news. No. 15. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 19Oct46;
M1297. Major News Library (PWH); 25Oct73; R561721.


R561722.

Paramount news. No. 16. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Oct46;
M1298. Major News Library (PWH); 25Oct73; R561722.


R561865.

Straight shooters. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 10Sep46; L1119.
Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 26Oct73; R561865.


R561866.

Rescue dog. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 3Sep46; L1124. Walt
Disney Productions (PWH); 26Oct73; R561866.


R561867.

Sleepy time Donald. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 18Sep46;
L1129. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 26Oct73; R561867.


R561868.

Treasure from the sea. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 30Sep46;
M1256. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 26Oct73; R561868.


R562330.

Shadow of a woman. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 14Sep46;
L566. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562330.


R562331.

Nobody lives forever. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. ©
12Oct46; L626. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562331.


R562332.

Deception. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 12 reels. © 26Oct46; L642.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562332.


R562333.

Okay for sound. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 2 reels. © 2Oct46; L643.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562333.


R562334.

Never say goodbye. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 11 reels. ©
12Oct46; L667. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562334.


R562335.

Big snooze. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 7 min. © 19Sep46; M1148.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562335.


R562336.

Enric Madriguera and his orchestra. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1
reel. © 28Sep46; M1182. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73;
R562336.


R562337.

Ranch in white. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Sep46; M1183.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562337.


R562338.

King of the everglades. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 20Sep46;
M1184. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562338.


R562339.

Dominion of sports. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 1Oct46;
M1185. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562339.


R562340.

Star spangled city. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Oct46;
M1224. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562340.


R562341.

The Mousemerized cat. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 30Sep46;
M1225. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562341.


R562342.

Bacall to arms. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 5Oct46; M1236.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562342.


R562343.

Lazy hunter. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 3Oct46; M1237.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562343.


R562344.

Desi Arnaz and band. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 10 min. © 4Oct46;
M1303. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562344.


R562345.

Along came Daffy. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 22Oct46;
M2446. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562345.


R562346.

Racketeer rabbit. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 18Oct46;
M2447. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 31Oct73; R562346.


R562447.

Lady in the lake. By Loew's, Inc. 11 reels. © 30Oct46; L674. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1Nov73; R562447.


R562545.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 207. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 2Oct46; M1304. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562545.


R562546.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 208. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 4Oct46; M1305. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562546.


R562547.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 209. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 9Oct46; M1306. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562547.


R562548.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 210. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 11Oct46; M1307. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562548.


R562549.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 211. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 16Oct46; M1314. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562549.


R562550.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 212. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 18Oct46; M1315. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562550.


R562551.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 213. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 24Oct46; M1316. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562551.


R562552.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 214. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 25Oct46; M1317. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562552.


R562553.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 215. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 30Oct46; M1343. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 5Nov73; R562553.


R562626.

Silent tweetment. By Screen Gems, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Sep46; L794. Columbia
Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 5Nov73; R562626.


R562627.

Rendezvous with murder. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 13) © 3Oct46; L633. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562627.


R562628.

Chick Carter sets a trap. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Chick Carter, detective, chap. 14) © 10Oct46; L638. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562628.


R562629.

Chick Carter wins out. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Chick
Carter, detective, chap. 15) © 17Oct46; L652. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562629.


R562630.

So dark the night. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 10Oct46;
L661. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562630.


R562631.

Crime doctor's man hunt. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
24Oct46; L662. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73;
R562631.


R562632.

Outlaws of Sherwood Forest. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 5 reels.
(Son of the guardsman, chap. 1) © 24Oct46; L677. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562632.


R562633.

Perils of the forest. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 2) © 31Oct46; L681. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 7Nov73; R562633.


R562634.

Rhythm and weep. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 3Oct46;
L781. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562634.


R562635.

Honeymoon blues. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 17Oct46;
L783. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562635.


R562636.

So's your antenna. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 10Oct46;
L789. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562636.


R562637.

Machito and rumba band. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
(Thrills of music, ser. 1, vol. 2) © 17Oct46; M1472. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73; R562637.


R562638.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 2. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 10Oct46; M1475. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Nov73; R562638.


R562639.

Ten pin magic. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of
sports) © 24Oct46; M1973. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Nov73; R562639.


R562640.

Screen snapshots. Ser. 26, no. 2. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 3Oct46; M2167. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Nov73;
R562640.


R562717.

Figaro and Frankie. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 16Oct46;
L1130. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 5Nov73; R562717.


R562969.

News parade of 1945. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Nov45; M3043.
Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 12Nov73; R562969.


R562970.

Japan's surrender. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Nov45; M3045.
Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 12Nov73; R562970.


R563060.

Strangler of the swamp. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 6Jan46;
L12. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563060.


R563061.

How do o o o you do! By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 7Jan46; L15.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563061.


R563062.

I ring doorbells. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 12Jan46; L26.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563062.


R563063.

Six gun man. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 28Jan46; L77.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563063.


R563064.

The Flying serpent. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 1Feb46; L84.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563064.


R563065.

Romance of the West. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 10Feb46; L98.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563065.


R563066.

Mask of Diijon. By Pathe Industries, Inc. 8 reels. © 1Mar46; L130.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563066.


R563067.

The Glass alibi. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 29Mar46; L239.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563067.


R563068.

Strange impersonation. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 5Mar46;
L240. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563068.


R563069.

The French key. By Republic Productions, Inc. 7 reels. © 8Apr46; L320.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563069.


R563070.

Murder is my business. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 18Jun46;
L385. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563070.


R563071.

Larceny in her heart. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 18Jun46;
L386. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563071.


R563072.

The Wife of Monte Cristo. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 18Jun46;
L387. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563072.


R563073.

Devil Bat's daughter. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 19Jun46;
L396. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563073.


R563074.

Thunder town. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 21Jun46; L397.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563074.


R563075.

Six gun man. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 21Jun46; L398.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563075.


R563076.

Colorado serenade. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 19Jun46; L410.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563076.


R563077.

Ambush trail. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 21Jun46; L411.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563077.


R563078.

The Caravan trail. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 22Jun46; L412.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563078.


R563079.

Lightning raiders. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 22Jun46; L413.
National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563079.


R563080.

Gentlemen with guns. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 22Jun46;
L414. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563080.


R363081.

Ghost of Hidden Valley. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 6 reels. © 3Jun46;
L417. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563081.


R563082.

Avalanche. By P. R. C. Pictures, Inc. 8 reels. © 20Jun46; L443. National
Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 14Nov73; R563082.


R563089.

Paramount news number 19. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 2Nov46;
M1341. Major News Library (PWH); 19Nov73; R363089.


R563090.

Paramount news number 20. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 6Nov46;
M1342. Major News Library (PWH); 19Nov73; R563090.


R563091.

Paramount news number 21. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 9Nov46;
M1370. Major News Library (PWH); 19Nov73; R563091.


R563092.

Paramount news number 22. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Nov46;
M1371. Major News Library (PWH); 19Nov73; R563092.


R563093.

A Scandal in Paris. By Arnold Productions, Inc. 11 reels. © 11Jul46;
L458. Film Archives Company (PWH); 8Nov73; R563093.


R563094.

God's country. By Action Pictures, Inc. 7 reels. © 18May46; L607. Film
Archives Company (PWH); 8Nov73; R563094.


R563095.

Wanted for murder. By Twentieth Century - Fox Film Corporation. 10
reels. © 1Nov46; L727. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 14Nov73; R563095.


R563096.

Paramount news number 17. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 26Oct46;
M1321. Major News Library (PWH); 14Nov73; R563096.


R563097.

Paramount news number 18. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Oct46;
M1322. Major News Library (PWH); 14Nov73; R563097.


R563282.

America's wonderlands. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun46; M2839.
Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73; R563282.


R363283.

Wonder dogs in action. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun46 (in
notice: 1945); M2841. Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73; R563283.


R563284.

News parade of 1946. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Nov46; M2843.
Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73; R563284.


R563285.

Three little bruins make mischief. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. ©
15Mar46 (in notice: 1945); M2845. Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73;
R563285.


R563286.

Chimp the aviator. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun46 (in notice:
1945); M2846. Castle Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73; R563286.


R563287.

Camera magic. By Castle Films, Inc. 1 reel. © 15Jun46; M3209. Castle
Films, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov73; R563287.


R563288.

Answer man. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. (Answer man, no.
1) © 26Sep46; M1153. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563288.


R563289.

Nature's atom bomb. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. (Answer
man, no. 2) © 3Oct46; M1156. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563289.


R563290.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 539. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 24Sep46; M1205. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563290.


R563291.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 540. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 26Sep46; M1206. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563291.


R563292.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 541. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 1Oct46; M1238. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563292.


R563293.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 542. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 3Oct46; M1239. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563293.


R563294.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 543. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 8Oct46; M1240. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563294.


R563295.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 544. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 10Oct46; M1241. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563295.


R563296.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 545. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 15Oct46; M1327. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563296.


R563297.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 546. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 17Oct46; M1328. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563297.


R563298.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 547. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 22Oct46; M1329. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563298.


R363299.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 548. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 24Oct46; M1330. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563299.


R563300.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 550. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 31Oct46; M1332. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563300.


R563301.

White tie and tails. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. ©
19Sep46; L586. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563301.


R563302.

Tumbleweed tempos. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
26Sep46; L599. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563302.


R563303.

Gunman's code. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 6 reels. © 26Sep46;
L600. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563303.


R563304.

Champagne music. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. © 26Sep46;
L601. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563304.


R563305.

Temptation. By International Pictures Corporation. 10 reels. © 9Oct46;
L631. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563305.


R563306.

Moonlight melodies. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 2 reels. ©
22Oct46; L651. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563306.


R563307.

Operation holiday. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. ©
11Sep46; M1101. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563307.


R563308.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 533. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 3Sep46; M1104. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563308.


R563309.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 534. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 5Sep46; M1105. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563309.


R563310.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 535. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 10Sep46; M1123. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563310.


R563311.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 536. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 12Sep46; M1124. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563311.


R563312.

The Wacky weed. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions. 1 reel. © 26Sep46; M1125. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Nov73; R563312.


R563313.

Fairweather fiends. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. & Walter Lantz
Productions. 1 reel. © 26Sep46; M1126. Universal Pictures (PWH);
15Nov73; R563313.


R563314.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 537. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 17Sep46; M1150. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563314.


R563315.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 538. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 19Sep46; M1151. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73;
R563315.


R563316.

Rural rhapsody. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 1 reel. © 24Sep46;
M1152. Universal Pictures (PWH); 15Nov73; R563316.


R564004.

Paramount news. No. 23. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 16Nov46;
M1379. Major News Library (PWH); 23Nov73; R564004.


R564005.

Paramount news. No. 24. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 20Nov46;
M1380. Major News Library (PWH); 23Nov73; R564005.


R564818.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 551. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 5Nov46; M1351. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73; R5648l8.


R564819.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 552. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 7Nov46; M1352. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73; R564819.


R564820.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 553. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 12Nov46; M1353. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564820.


R564821.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 554. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 14Nov46; M1354. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564821.


R564822.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 555. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 19Nov46; M1452. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564822.


R564823.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 556. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 21Nov46; M1453. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564823.


R564824.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 557. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 26Nov46; M1486. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564824.


R564825.

Universal newsreel. Vol. 19, no. 558. By Universal Pictures Company,
Inc. 1 reel. © 28Nov46; M1487. Universal Pictures (PWH); 3Dec73;
R564825.


R564833.

Paramount news. No. 25. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 23Nov46;
M1403. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec73; R564833.


R564834.

Paramount news. No. 26. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 27Nov46;
M1404. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec73; R564834.


R564835.

Paramount news. No. 27. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 30Nov46;
M1416. Major News Library (PWH); 4Dec73; R564835.


R564909.

The Story of menstruation. By Walt Disney Productions. 1 reel. © 1Nov46;
M1355. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Dec73; R564909.


R565041.

The Verdict. By Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc. 10 reels. © 22Nov46;
L680. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565041.


R565042.

The Fistic mystic. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 1Nov46; L822.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565042.


R565043.

Roughly squeaking. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (Looney tunes)
© 27Nov46; M1350. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73;
R565043.


R565044.

Mouse menace. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (Looney tunes) ©
9Nov46; M1372. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565044.


R565045.

Rhapsody rabbit. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. (Merrie melodies)
© 7Nov46; M1373. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565045.


R565046.

Star spangled city. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 16Nov46;
M1374. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565046.


R565047.

All aboard. By the Vitaphone Corporation. 1 reel. © 2Nov46; M2421.
United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 6Dec73; R565047.


R565166.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 216. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 1Nov46; M1344. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565166.


R565167.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 217. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 6Nov46; M1429. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565167.


R565168.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 218. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 8Nov46; M1430. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the Hearst
Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565168.


R565169.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 219. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 13Nov46; M1431. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565169.


R565170.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 220. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 15Nov46; M1432. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565170.


R565171.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 221. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 20Nov46; M1433. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565171.


R565172.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 222. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 22Nov46; M1434. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565172.


R565173.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 223. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 27Nov46; M1435. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565173.


R565174.

News of the day. Vol. 18, issue no. 224. By Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
1 reel. © 29Nov46; M1436. Hearst Metrotone News, a division of the
Hearst Corporation (PWH); 7Dec73; R565174.


R565207.

Paramount news. No. 32. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 18Dec46;
M1479. Major News Library (PWH); 20Dec73; R565207.


R565208.

Paramount news. No. 31. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 14Dec46;
M1478. Major News Library (PWH); 20Dec73; R565208.


R565211.

Terror trail. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. © 21Nov46;
L676. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565211.


R565212.

Blazing barrier. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of the
guardsman, chap. 3) © 7Nov46; L689. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
(PWH); 7Dec73; R565212.


R565213.

The Secret of the whistler. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
7Nov46; L690. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565213.


R565214.

The Siege of Bullard Hall. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels.
(Son of the guardsman, chap. 4) © 14Nov46; L711. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565214.


R565215.

A Dagger in the dark. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of
the guardsman, chap. 5) © 21Nov46; L718. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565215.


R565216.

A Fight for freedom. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. (Son of
the guardsman, chap. 6) © 28Nov46; L723. Columbia Pictures Industries,
Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565216.


R565217.

Lone star moonlight. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. ©
28Nov46; L735. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73;
R565217.


R565218.

Betty Coed. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 7 reels. © 28Nov46; L742.
Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565218.


R565219.

Slappily married. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 7Nov46;
L782. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565219.


R565220.

Society mugs. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 21Nov46;
L784. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565220.


R565221.

Moron than off. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 28Nov46;
L973. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565221.


R565222.

Reno - vated. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 21Nov46;
L1084. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565222.


R565223.

Pardon my terror. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 2 reels. © 11Nov46;
L1378. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565223.


R565224.

Les Elgart and his orchestra. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel.
(Thrills of music, ser. 1, vol. 3) © 28Nov46; M1473. Columbia Pictures
Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565224.


R565225.

Community sing. Ser. 11, no. 3. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1
reel. © 14Nov46; M1476. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Dec73; R565225.


R565226.

Rodeo. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (Screen snapshots, ser.
26, no. 3) © 7Nov46; M1493. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
7Dec73; R565226.


R565227.

Hi - li. By Columbia Pictures Corporation. 1 reel. (The World of sports)
© 21Nov46; M1971. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73;
R565227.


R565237.

The Secret heart. By Loew's, Inc. 10 reels. © 4Dec46; L737. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565237.


R565238.

I love my husband but. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Dec46; L762. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec73; R565238.


R565504.

Munchausen. By U F A Filmkunst. © 5Dec46; L696. Film Archives Company
(PWH); 12Dec73; R565504.


R565505.

Paramount news. No. 28. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 4Dec46;
M1417. Major News Library (PWH); 12Dec73; R565505.


R565506.

Paramount news. No. 29. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 7Dec46;
M1468. Major News Library (PWH); 12Dec73; R565506.


R565507.

Paramount news. No. 30. By Paramount Pictures, Inc. 1 reel. © 11Dec46;
M1469. Major News Library (PWH); 12Dec73; R565507.


R565646.

Brief encounter. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 9 reels. © 22Oct46;
L650. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 17Dec73; R565646.


R565647.

The Wicked lady. By Universal Pictures Company, Inc. 11 reels. ©
13Nov46; L693. Rank Film Distributors, Ltd. (PWH); 17Dec73; R565647.


R565935.

Playing by ear. By Loew's, Inc. 1 reel. © 13Dec46; M1503. Metro Goldwyn
Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 17Dec73; R565935.


R565936.

The Sea of grass. By Loew's, Inc. 13 reels. © 12Dec46; L786. Metro
Goldwyn Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 13Dec73; R565936.


R566073.

Don't gamble with strangers. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 7 reels.
© 27May46; L340. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 26Dec73; R566073.


R566074.

Freddie steps out. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 8 reels. © 30May46;
L349. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as Monogram
Pictures Corporation (PWH); 26Dec73; R566074.


R566075.

The Gentleman from Texas. By Monogram Pictures Corporation. 6 reels. ©
5Jun46; L388. Allied Artists Pictures Corporation, formerly known as
Monogram Pictures Corporation (PWH); 26Dec73; R566075.




                                 INDEX


An index of distinctive titles and names given in the entries listed in
the current and renewal sections of this issue. Below each index term is
the registration number under which the main entry is to be found.
References from varying forms of names are interfiled.

                                   A

 A and D Productions.
   LP42871.

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   MP24304.
   MP24305.

 ANJA Films.
   LP42702.

 ASPO of Los Angeles, Inc.
   MP24563.

 A V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.
   MU8649 - MU8651.
   MU8756.

 AVS Film Productions.
   MP24547.

 Abkco Films, Inc.
   LP42870.

 Abnormal psychology series.
   MP24622.
   MP24623.

 About fishermen.
   MP24285.

 Academy.
   LP42459.

 Academy Films.
   MP24256.

 Accident waiting to happen.
   LP42501.

 Acids and bases.
   MP24260.

 Acrobatty bunny.
   R555070.

 ACT Foundation, Inc.
   MP24546.

 Act of chivalry.
   LP42465.

 Act of the heart.
   LF122.

 Action Pictures, Inc.
   R563094.

 Active volcano in evolution.
   MP24469.

 Activist.
   LP42722.

 Acupuncture: an exploration.
   MP24481.

 Adam's woman.
   LP42912.

 Addie Pray.
   LP42410.

 Addition facts.
   MP24331.

 Adolescence: crisis or opportunity.
   MP24479.

 Advantages of permanent insurance.
   MP24367.

 Advent of Fergus.
   LP42434.

 Adventure.
   MP24265.
   MP24266.

 Advertising: information, persuasion or deception.
   MP24374.

 Aetna Life and Casualty.
   MP24381 - MP24387.
   MP24471 - MP24476.
   MP24588.

 Affairs of Geraldine.
   R557429.

 Affinities.
   MU8781.

 After dinner mint.
   MP24545.

 Agency management principles, reducing the drop out rate.
   MP24365.

 Aging.
   MP24437.

 Agribusiness.
   LP42714.

 Ain't love cuckoo.
   R555234.

 Air creates change.
   MP24495.

 Air is a force.
   MP24494.

 Air is all around us.
   MP24493.

 Air: putting it to use.
   MP24536.

 Airlift a la carte.
   LP42482.

 Alaska Federation of Natives, Inc.
   MP24714.

 Alaskan Eskimo: a way of life.
   MP24714.

 Alberto Culver.
   MU8770.
   MU8772.
   MU8773.

 Alberto Culver Company.
   MU8659 - MU8663.
   MU8757 - MU8764.
   MU8771.
   MU8805 - MU8815.

 Alcohol and young people.
   MP24478.

 Alcohol problem: What do you think.
   MP24166.

 Aldrich, Robert.
   LP42718.

 Alfred.
   LP42449.

 Alias Smith and Jones.
   LP42418 - LP42431.
   LP42553.
   LP42573 - LP42583.

 All aboard.
   R565047.

 All for one: Tutorial highlights.
   MP24255.

 All gold canyon.
   LP42487.

 All in the family.
   LP42521 - LP42544.

 All three.
   MU8663.

 Allegro Productions.
   MP24398.

 Allied Artists Pictures Corporation.
   R555465 - R555467.
   R556320.
   R557005 - R557007.
   R561678 - R561688.
   R566073 - R566075.

 Along came Daffy.
   R562345.

 Alpen.
   MP24455.

 Alphabet story.
   MP24227.

 Alter ego.
   LP42831.

 Altschul, David.
   MP24374.
   MP24378.

 Altschul, Gilbert.
   MP24375.
   MP24376.
   MP24377.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   MP24374 - MP24380.

 Altschul, Joel.
   MP24379.
   MP24380.

 Ambassador College, Pasadena.
   MP24567 - MP24573.
   MP24596 - MP24619.
   MP24652 - MP24665.

 Amberly Productions, Inc.
   MP24277.

 Ambermare Films.
   MU8652.

 Ambush trail.
   R563077.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   R557095.
   R557096.

 American Cancer Society, Inc.
   LP42784.
   MP24355 - MP24357.
   MP24414 - MP24421.

 American College of Physicians medical skills library.
   MP24693 - MP24696.

 American College of Physicians, Philadelphia.
   MP24693 - MP24696.

 American Communism today.
   MP24299.

 American experience.
   MP24156.
   MP24157.

 American Heart Association.
   MP24546.

 American Honda Motor Company, Inc.
   MP24540.
   MP24541.

 American Management Association.
   LP42432 - LP42433.
   MP24203 - MP24207.
   MP24287 - MP24294.

 American sportsman.
   MP24304.
   MP24305.

 America's wonderlands.
   R565282.

 Amlesan animals.
   MU8768.

 An-Car Oil Company, Inc.
   MU8658.

 Analysis of file characteristics.
   MP24171.

 Analyzing advertising.
   MP24393.

 Anatomical basis of brain function.
   MU8649.
   MU8650.
   MU8651.

 Anatomy of a six million dollar sale.
   MP24363.

 Anatuna, Inc.
   MP24595.

 And hope to die.
   LF123.

 And now the war is over — the American military in the 70's.
   MP24628 - MP24629.

 And scream by the light of the moon, the moon.
   LP42770.

 Anderson, Ken.
   LP42905.

 Anglo-EMI Film Distributors, Ltd.
   LF120.
   R558415.

 Angus and Lou.
   MU8815.

 Anhelos.
   LP42593.

 Animals' peace day.
   LP42416.

 Animals' picnic day.
   LP42416.

 Animedia, Inc.
   LP42875.

 Answer man.
   R563288.
   R563289.

 Antiquarian and Landmark Society of Connecticut.
   MP24711.

 Apache on the county seat.
   LP42493.

 APJAC International.
   LP42552.

 Apology for murder.
   R557432.

 Apotheosis.
   MU8777.

 Apple Andy.
   R560582.

 Appreciating our parents.
   MP24324.

 Archie and the bowling team.
   LP42539.

 Archie and the editorial.
   LP42536.

 Archie goes too far.
   LP42524.

 Archie in the hospital.
   LP42523.

 Archie is branded.
   LP42528.

 Archie learns his lesson.
   LP42522.

 Archie's fraud.
   LP42532.

 Architecture: why man builds.
   MP24272.

 Arizona midnight.
   LP42863.

 Arlington County, VA. Recreation Division.
   LP42932.

 Arlington Film Workshop.
   LP42932.

 Armstrong, William H.
   LP42917.

 Army football champion.
   R560944.

 Arnold Productions, Inc.
   R563093.

 Aronson, Jerry.
   MP24651.

 Arson squad.
   R557435.

 Art conservator.
   LP42924.

 Art for beginners: Fun with lines.
   MP24651.

 Art of education.
   MP24587.

 Artemis Film.
   LP42750.

 Arthur moves in.
   LP42807.

 Artist's antics.
   R558139.

 Artists in the schools: Bob Aiken.
   MP24233.

 As long as the grass is green.
   MP24315.

 Aspects of the behavior of the sifaka.
   MP24210.

 Assassination of Trotsky.
   LP42828.

 Athena Communications Corporation.
   MP24390.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   MP24302.
   MP24313.
   MP24314.
   MP24315.
   MP24641.
   MP24721.
   MP24722.

 Attitude in motion.
   MP24541.

 Audio Productions.
   LP42699.

 Aufricht, Jack W.
   MP24590.

 Avalanche.
   R563082.

 Avatar in Australia.
   MP24719.

 Avco Broadcasting Corporation.
   MP24709.


                                   B

 B and C Films.
   MP24698.

 Bb Film Productions.
   MP24329.

 BNA Communications, Inc.
   MP24154.
   MP24340.
   MP24341.

 BTDS Partnership.
   LP42702.

 Bacall to arms.
   R562342.

 Backache.
   LP42915.

 Bad case of monogamy.
   LP42516.

 Bad day for Barbara.
   LP42444.

 Bad day for Steve.
   LP42451.

 Badge 373.
   LP42619.

 Baggies plastic lunch bags.
   MP24279.

 Ball (Lucille) Productions, Inc.
   LP42377 - LP42400.
   LP42594 - LP42617.

 Ballet mecanique.
   LP42490.

 Ballot of Corporal Agarn.
   LP42681.

 Bamboo blonde.
   R560798.

 Bandera.
   LP42570.

 Bang the drum slowly.
   LP42702.

 Banking.
   MP24475.

 Banquet of melody.
   R560615.

 Bar, Jacques.
   LP42792.

 Barbara lost.
   LP42454.

 Barbre Productions, Inc.
   MP24680.
   MP24681.
   MP24685.

 Barenstein, Joyce.
   LU3656.

 Bargemen on the Rhine.
   MP24284.

 Barillet.
   LP42415.

 Barwood Films, Ltd.
   LP42485.

 Basic control tasks.
   MP24382.

 Basics of financial statement analysis.
   MP24204.

 Bassett, Paul Allan.
   LU3663.

 Bathing buddies.
   R558152.

 Batjac.
   LP42911.

 Battle of the month.
   LP42525.

 Beach days.
   R555073.

 Beach only.
   MU8809.

 Bear Creek Productions.
   MP24699.

 Beckley Metcalf Productions.
   MP24345.

 Beckley, William M.
   MP24345.

 Beef: the steak in the grass.
   MP24645.

 Beep, beep.
   LP42795.

 Beginning responsibility: being on time.
   MP24242.

 Behind the green door.
   MP24594.

 Bell, Geoffrey.
   MU8816.

 Belle fille comme moi.
   LP42788.

 Belo (A. H.) Corporation.
   MP24209.

 Bergen connection.
   MP24477.

 Bergen Evening Record Corporation.
   MP24477.

 Better ways to see the U. S. A. — Eastern heritage.
   LP42749.

 Betty Coed.
   R565218.

 Between.
   MP24147.

 Bevel protractor.
   MP24558 - MP24562.

 Beyond the now.
   LP42693.

 Bianco e rosso.
   LP42827.

 Bible lesson.
   MU8672.

 Bierce, Ambrose.
   LP42549.

 Big game.
   MU8719.

 Big sleep.
   R558104.

 Big snooze.
   R562335.

 Big store.
   LP42571.

 Big surprise.
   LP42462.

 Bill / Phillips.
   LP42883.

 Billy Budd Films, Inc.
   MP24148.
   MP24149.

 Birds who can't fly.
   MU8654.

 Birth of Arfie.
   LP42445.

 Birthplace of beauty.
   MP24280.

 Bit of blarney.
   R560630.

 Blachly, Paul H.
   MP24239.

 Black and blue market.
   LP42647.

 Black angel.
   R560646.

 Black artists in America: an introduction to seven internationally
    recognized black visual artists.
   MP24221.

 Black Beauty.
   R557879.

 Black Frankenstein: Blackenstein.
   LP42874.

 Black Friday.
   LF123.

 Black girl.
   LP42829.

 Black market babies.
   R555465.

 Black pirate.
   LP42885.

 Black view of South Africa.
   MP24580.

 Blackenstein.
   LP42874.

 Blade.
   MP24551.

 Blake, Quentin.
   LP42486.

 Blake, Robert R.
   MP24340.

 Blalock, Steven F.
   LU3662.

 Blazing barrier.
   R565212.

 Blonde alibi.
   R560617.

 Blow up.
   MU8758.

 Blue aces wild.
   LP42495.

 Blue Cross Association, Chicago.
   MP24152.

 Blue Racer.
   LP42495 - LP42498.
   LP42825.

 Blue Racer blues.
   LP42825.

 Blueprint for murder.
   LP42500.

 Blum, Ronald.
   MP24705.

 Bob Seagren.
   MP24295.

 Boccaccio, Giovanni.
   LP42750.

 Bodily sensation 1: Conducting systems of cord and stem.
   MU8651.

 Bodily sensation 2: Thalamus and cortex.
   MU865O.

 Bohannan.
   LP42865.

 Bokari, Ltd.
   LP42801.

 Boltons Trading Corporation.
   LP42790.
   LP42826.
   LP42885.

 Bombs 1.
   MP24411.

 Bombs 2.
   MP24412.

 Bombs 3.
   MP24413.

 Booboo monster enters a beauty contest.
   MP24148.

 Bookser's honeymoon.
   LP42630.

 Boothe, Lorraine M.
   MP24354.

 Borden, Dick.
   MP24621.
   MP24631.

 Borden Productions, Inc.
   MU8674.

 Borden, Richard.
   MU8674.

 Border bad men.
   R557433.

 Border bandits.
   R555466.

 Boss.
   MP24342.

 Bosutow (Stephen) Productions.
   LP42416.

 Boy who cried werewolf.
   LP42869.

 Boy who predicted earthquakes.
   LP42456.

 Boyhood of George Washington Carver.
   MP24270.

 Braley, Joseph Mac Arthur.
   MP24699.

 Braun, Paul.
   MP24302.

 Breakin' it down.
   R558112.

 Breathing birth.
   MP24127.

 Brenda.
   LP42461.

 Bribery.
   LP42565.

 Bridge.
   LP42549.

 Brief encounter.
   R565646.

 Brigham Young University.
   MP24248.
   MP24250.
   MP24251.

 Brigham Young University. Motion Picture Department.
   MP24248.
   MP24250.
   MP24251.

 Bring on the dancing girls.
   LP42689.

 Bringing meat to market.
   MP24376.

 Broken hearted melody.
   LP42793.

 Brothers.
   LP42857.

 Brown, Joe David.
   LP42410.

 Brujerias.
   LP42878.

 Bucket indexing performance.
   MP24177.

 Budgeting.
   MP24476.

 Build up demo.
   MU8760.

 Building my career in life insurance.
   MP24372.

 Bunkers and the swingers.
   LP42541.

 Bureau of Business Practice, Inc.
   MP24646.
   MP24647.

 Bureau of Land Management, the California Department of Parks and
    Recreation.
   SEE California Department of Parks and Recreation. Bureau of Land
      Management.

 Burks, Alan.
   MP24593.

 Bushelman, John.
   LP42697.

 Bushwhack.
   LP42574.

 Business manners and customs.
   MP24681.

 But is this progress.
   MP24300.

 Buttons and beaux.
   LP42450.

 Buying.
   MP24473.

 Bye, bye balloon.
   LP42676.

 Bye, bye, blackboard.
   LP42734.


                                   C

 C B S evening news with Walter Cronkite.
   MU8593.
   MU8647.
   MU8657.
   MU8665 - MU8670.
   MU8677 - MU8707.
   MU8725 - MU8754.
   MU8817 - MU8856.

 C B S News.
   MP24574 - MP24580.

 C B S News special.
   MP24574 - MP24580.

 C B S Television Network.
   LP42845 - LP42868.
   LP42886 - LP42904.

 C R M Productions.
   MP24437.
   MP24438.

 Cactus: adaptations for survival.
   MP24164.

 Cadre Films.
   MU8721.

 Caesar and Cleopatra.
   R561404.

 Cagey bird.
   R556555.

 California: a case study in industrial development.
   MP24377.

 California Department of Parks and Recreation. Bureau of Land
    Management.
   MP24547.

 Callaghan, George Michael.
   MP24587.

 Calvada Productions.
   LP42929.

 Camera magic.
   R563287.

 Camera obscura.
   LP42466.

 Campers.
   MP24213.

 Can man change the balance of life.
   MP24515.

 Canada's Atlantic Provinces.
   MP24241.

 Canada's central provinces.
   MP24244.

 Canada's Pacific Province and northland.
   MP24246.

 Canada's prairie provinces.
   MP24245.

 Canada's provinces and people.
   MP24243.

 Cancer of the larynx and hypopharynx.
   MP24417.

 Canyon passage.
   R558111.

 Captain, my— captain.
   LP42659.

 Captain's party.
   LP42636.

 Caravan trail.
   R563078.

 Carbon dioxide testing.
   MP24257.

 Carpetbagging, anyone.
   LP42671.

 Carry me back to Cocoa Island.
   LP42645.

 Cars that crash and burn.
   MP24158.

 Cartoon crusader.
   R560604.

 Casale, Francis J.
   MU8768.

 Case of the reckless wheelchair driver.
   LP42599.

 Castle Films, Inc.
   R562969 - R562970.
   R563282 - R563287.

 Castle, William.
   LP42799.
   LP42800.

 Cat creeps.
   R560619.

 Caterpillar.
   LP42475.

 Cathy's clown.
   LP42794.

 Cats and mice at play.
   MP24129.

 Catterson Communications Company.
   MP24343.

 Catterson, Robert J.
   MP24343.

 Catterson sales procedure.
   MP24343.

 Cattle worming — it's profitable if.
   MP24296.

 Cave people of the Philippines.
   MP24723.

 Center head.
   MP24552.

 Centron Corporation, Inc.
   MP24393 - MP24394.
   MP24538 - MP24539.
   MP24645.

 Centron Educational Films.
   MP24393 - MP24394.
   MP24538 - MP24539.
   MP24645.

 Chain of events.
   LP42897.

 Challenge to Hollywood.
   MP24707.

 Champagne music.
   R563304.

 Chandler, Raymond.
   LP42701.

 Chandler, Susan G.
   LU3662.

 Change of pace.
   MU8761.

 Changes, changes.
   LP42585.

 Chaparral, grassland and fresh water pond.
   MP24397.

 Charlie Brown Thanksgiving.
   LP42787.

 Charlie, the rainmaker.
   LP42480.

 Charos Productions, Inc.
   MP24222.

 Checking work.
   MP24557.
   MP24562.

 Chevrolet Luv.
   MU8801.

 Chevrolet medium duty trucks.
   MU8798.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Chevrolet pickups.
   MU8799.

 Chevrolet suburbans.
   MU8795.

 Chevrolet: The four wheel drive vehicles.
   MU8797.

 Chevy van/sport van.
   MU8796.

 Chick Carter, detective.
   R556550 - R556552.
   R558291 - R558295.
   R560931 - R560932.
   R560934 - R560935.
   R562627 - R562629.

 Chick Carter faces death.
   R560935.

 Chick Carter gives chase.
   R558295.

 Chick Carter sets a trap.
   R562628.

 Chick Carter takes over.
   R556550.

 Chick Carter trapped.
   R558291.

 Chick Carter wins out.
   R562629.

 Chick Carter's frame up.
   R558294.

 Chick Carter's quest.
   R558293.

 Child stealers.
   LP42904.

 Children's Hospital of LosAngeles.
   MP24630.

 Chili con corny.
   LP42740.

 Chilly's hideaway.
   LP42483.

 Chimp on the loose.
   R560607.

 Chimp the aviator.
   R563286.

 Choice.
   MP24301.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   MU8671.
   MU8672.
   MU8673.

 Chrysler Corporation.
   MP24317 - MP24319.
   MP24423 - MP24428.
   MP24687 - MP24692.

 Chrysler Corporation engineering differences.
   MP24423.

 Church of Jesus Christ of Latter day Saints.
   MP24248.

 Chute that failed.
   R558302.

 Cincuenta anos de espinas y rosas.
   LP42916.

 Cinecrest, Inc.
   MP24281.
   MP24337.

 Cinecrest Motion Pictures.
   MP24337.

 Cine-Ortho.
   MP24624 - MP24627.

 Cinetel, S. A.
   LP42626.

 Circle of fear.
   LP42799 - LP42800.
   LP42836 - LP42839.

 Circle of life.
   LP42405.

 Cite Films.
   LP42792.

 City girl.
   MU8763.

 Civil court.
   MP24337.

 Claiborne (William) Inc.
   MP24275.

 Clarifying water.
   MP24262.

 Clark, Rodrigo Duarte.
   SEE Duarte Clark, Rodrigo.

 Class of '44.
   LP42782.

 Class of '99.
   LP42457.

 Class reunion.
   LP42531.

 Classifying animals.
   MP24353.

 Clean source.
   MU8675.

 Cleaning the patient room.
   MP24150.

 Cleary, William.
   MP24148.
   MP24149.

 Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.
   LP42552.

 Clementine ingredient.
   LP42580.

 Cloak and dagger.
   R560762.

 Clock struck twelve.
   LP42902.

 Clockwork orange.
   LP42910.

 Clouds.
   MP24256.

 Club Havana.
   R557434.

 Clown.
   MP24637.

 Coca-Cola Company.
   MP24621.
   MP24631.

 Cockaboody.
   LP42694.

 Cockeyed miracle.
   R555324.

 Coffin, coffin, in the sky.
   LP42777.

 Cohen (Herman) Productions, Ltd.
   LP42913.
   LP42914.

 Coletown Productions, Inc.
   LP42492.

 Colgate Palmolive Company.
   MP24247.
   MP24278.
   MP24279.
   MP24295.
   MP24322.
   MP24440.
   MP24455.
   MP24456.
   MP24537.
   MP24545.
   MP24591.
   MP24637.
   MP24639.

 Collector's dream.
   MP24308.

 Colorado serenade.
   R563076.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   LP42434 - LP42454.
   LP42698.
   LP42746 - LP42748.
   LP42845 - LP42868.
   LP42886 - LP42904.
   MP24265 - MP24266.
   MP24574 - MP24580.
   MP24666 - MP24678.
   MU8593.
   MU8647.
   MU8657.
   MU8665 - MU8670.
   MU8677 - MU8707.
   MU8725 - MU8754.
   MU8817 - MU8856.

 Columbia Films, S. A.
   LP42788.

 Columbia Pictures Corporation.
   R555226 - R555231.
   R555234 - R555239.
   R556546 - R556554.
   R556557 - R556564.
   R557883.
   R558291 - R558298.
   R558300 - R558304.
   R560931 - R560947.
   R562627 - R562640.
   R565211 - R565227.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   LP42413.
   LP42827.
   R555226 - R555239.
   R556546 - R556564.
   R557883.
   R558291 - R558304.
   R558416 - R558428.
   R560931 - R560947.
   R562626 - R562640.
   R565211 - R565227.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   Learning Company of America.
   LP42416 - LP42417.
   LP42620 - LP42624.
   LP42906 - LP42908.
   MP24271.
   MP24581 - MP24583.
   MP24704.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   Screen Gems.
   LP42793 - LP42800.
   LP42830 - LP42839.

 Columbo.
   LP42499 - LP42500.
   LP42503 - LP42507.

 Combatants.
   LP42517.

 Combattimento di Tancredi e Clorinda.
   LU3658.

 Combination set: Blade.
   MP24551.

 Combination set: Center head.
   MP24552.

 Combination set: Parts.
   MP24550.

 Combination set: Protractor.
   MP24553.

 Combination square: Checking work.
   MP24557.

 Combination square: Laying out.
   MP24555.

 Combination square: Setting up.
   MP24556.

 Combination square: Uses.
   MP24554.

 Come rain or come shine.
   MU8772.

 Comeback trail.
   LU3657.

 Commitment Productions, Inc.
   LP42696.

 Communication.
   LP42707.

 Communication Arts of Boston.
   LP42784.

 Communications Research Machines, Inc.
   MP24437.
   MP24438.
   MP24622.
   MP24623.

 Communications Satellite Corporation, Inc.
   MP24155.

 Communico.
   MP24343.

 Community sing.
   R555237.
   R556562.
   R558304.
   R560946.
   R562638.
   R565225.

 Compagnia Internationale Allessandra Cinematografica.
   LP42828.

 Company of victims.
   LP42518.

 Comparative advantage in international trade.
   MP24464.

 Comparative cultures.
   MP24582.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   MP24150.
   MP24151.

 Compressed gases — under your control.
   MP24468.

 Concept.
   MU8775.

 Condor Film, S. A.
   LP42921.

 Conducting systems of cord and stem.
   MU8651.

 Confidence.
   MP24456.

 Conklin, Gary Robert.
   MP24548.

 Conserving our environment: use and reuse.
   MP24208.

 Conspiracy.
   LP42633.

 Constructing reality: a film on film.
   MP24375.

 Construction.
   LP42712.

 Consultants Associated, Inc.
   MP24187 - MP24202.

 Consumer and homemaking.
   LP42709.

 Consumer preference and demand.
   MP24465.

 Cook (David C.) Publishing Company.
   MP24346.

 Cool air.
   LP42466.

 Coping with parents.
   MP24480.

 Cops and robbers.
   LP42751.

 Corman Company.
   LP42753.

 Corman, Gene.
   LP42791.

 Coronet Films.
   MP24648.
   MP24651.

 Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.

 Coronet Instructional Materials, a division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Materials.

 Coronet Instructional Media, a division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.

 Corporate cash management.
   MP24290.

 Cost behavior.
   MP24291.

 Country Mother Goose.
   MP24130.

 Country store.
   MU8759.

 Cowboy blues.
   R556547.

 Crackup.
   R560797.

 Crafty animal caper.
   LP42620.

 Creating J C L procedures.
   MP24454.

 Creative Establishment, Inc.
   MP24679.
   MP24686.

 Credit.
   MP24474.

 Crete and Mycenae.
   LP42920.

 Crime doctor's man hunt.
   R562631.

 Criminal court.
   R560804.

 Crimson ghost.
   R557427.

 Crocodile.
   MP24335.
   MP24336.

 Crocus Productions, Inc.
   LP42872.

 Crooks and coronets.
   LP42913.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc.
   LP42720.

 Crosscutting on the circular saw.
   MP24643.

 Crossing, joining, and leaving.
   MP24385.

 Crystal Springs.
   LP42566.

 Cuban Pete.
   R558110.

 Cubist epoch.
   LP42927.

 Cutlass salon.
   MP24347.

 Cutlass Supreme and Cutlass S.
   MP24349.

 Cutting rabbets, grooves and dadoes on the circular saw.
   MP24644.

 Cybern Film Systems, Inc.
   MP24589.


                                   D

 DD statement.
   MP24448.

 Dagger in the dark.
   R565215.

 Daggett, Hobart L.
   MU88OO.

 "#*@% [Damn] the torpedoes.
   LP42653.

 Dana Productions, a division of Saparoff Films, Inc.
   SEE Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.

 Danger downward.
   R558417.

 Danger woman.
   R558109.

 Dangerous business.
   R555229.

 Dangerous intruder.
   R557421.

 Danjaq, S. A.
   LP42491.

 Dark alibi.
   R561680.

 Dark boy.
   LP42464.

 Dark horse.
   R558113.

 Data manipulation and arithmetic.
   MP24444.

 Daughter of Don Q.
   R557426.

 Daughters of Satan.
   LP42697.

 Davidson Films, Inc.
   LP42545.
   LP42546.
   MP24230.

 Davis, Joan.
   MU8653.
   MU8654.

 Davis, Stan.
   MU8653.
   MU8654.

 Dawn horse.
   MP24235.

 Dawson, Joan.
   MU8653.
   MU8654.

 Day off.
   LU3659.

 Day 1, day 2.
   MP24639.

 Day the amnesty came through.
   LP42583.

 Day they shot Agarn.
   LP42667.

 Days of the week.
   MU8653.

 Dead of night.
   R558415.

 Dead we leave behind.
   LP42839.

 Dead weight.
   LP42472.
   LP42505.

 Deadhead.
   LP42568.

 Deadly fathoms.
   MP24249.

 Dear departed.
   LP42465.

 Dear Joan, we're going to scare you to death.
   LP42771.

 Dear Mom.
   LP42642.

 Death driver.
   MP24709.

 Death in the family.
   LP42457.

 Death is a company policy.
   LP42892.

 Death is a seven point favorite.
   LP42726.

 Death lends a hand.
   LP42504.

 Death on a barge.
   LP42765.

 Death wish on Tantalus Mountain.
   LP42893.

 Deathwatch.
   LP42555.

 Decade plus two.
   LP42433.

 Il Decameron.
   LP42750.

 Deception.
   R562332.

 Deciding how much, deciding how many.
   MP24524.

 Deep sea fishing.
   R556564.

 Defensive basketball.
   MP24586.

 Defensive driving.
   MP24405 - MP24407.

 Defensive tactics.
   MP24408 - MP24410.

 DeHaven, Carter.
   LP42718.
   LP42880.

 Deliveries in the rear.
   LP42472.

 Demchuck, Bob.
   LP42804.

 Dental health series, DHS 01–DHS 03.
   MP24388.

 DePatie.
   LP42840 - LP42843.

 DePatie-Freleng.
   LP42825.

 Depression: a study of abnormal behavior.
   MP24622.

 Dermassage — a body lotion with body.
   MP24591.

 Deschanel, Caleb J.
   MU8664.

 Desert horseman.
   R556561.

 Desi Arnaz and band.
   R562344.

 Devil Bat's daughter.
   R563073.

 Devil in Miss Jones.
   LP42873.

 Devil is not mocked.
   LP42460.

 DeVries, Peter.
   LP42744.

 Diabetes: Special problems in the older patient.
   LP42376.

 Diagnosis of drug dependence with Naloxone.
   MP24239.

 Diary.
   LP42462.

 Dick Van Dyke show, no. 12C.
   LP42929.

 Did your father come from Ireland.
   LP42682.

 Different ones.
   LP42468.

 Direct access data sets.
   MP24451.

 Directors Company.
   LP42410.

 Dirty Gertie.
   LP42607.

 Discovering language: How English borrowed words.
   MP24224.

 Discovering language: How English changed in America.
   MP24225.

 Discovering language: How words are made.
   MP24228.

 Discovering language: How words get new meanings.
   MP24223.

 Discovering language: The Alphabet story.
   MP24227.

 Discovering language: Varieties of English.
   MP24226.

 Discussion of Fyodor Dostoyevsky's The crocodile.
   MP24336.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   LP42703.
   LP42905.
   R556654 - R556655.
   R557921 - R557922.
   R561865 - R561868.
   R562717.
   R564909.

 Distilling water.
   MP24259.

 Ditzel (William) Productions.
   MP24183.
   MP24184.

 Diverse.
   MP24308.
   MP24309.

 Divina Film, Dieter Giessler Film Produktion.
   SEE Giessler (Dieter) Film Produktion. Divina Film.

 Divine Light Mission, Inc.
   MP24565.

 Divine miracle.
   MP24138.

 Division facts.
   MP24332.

 Dixieland trip.
   MP24470.

 Doctor, Doctor.
   LP42814.

 Doctor Stringfellow's rejuvenator.
   LP42463.

 Dr. Tobor's revenge.
   R556558.

 Doctor's dilemma.
   LP42651.

 Dog of the seven seas.
   R558137.

 Dog tale.
   R560605.

 Dolce courage.
   LP42685.

 Doll of death.
   LP42755.

 Dominion of sports.
   R562339.

 Don't fence me in.
   R554756.

 Don't gamble with strangers.
   R566073.

 Don't look now but isn't that the war.
   LP42639.

 Doorway to death.
   LP42837.

 Dorias.
   LP42561.

 Dorothy Heathcote talks to teachers.
   MP24542.
   MP24543.

 Dorothy Heathcote teaching series.
   MP24542.
   MP24543.

 Dostoyevsky, Feodor Mikhailovich.
   MP24336.

 Double dribble.
   R556655.

 Double trap.
   R558419.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   MP24257 - MP24264.
   MP24429 - MP24436.
   MP24643 - MP24644.
   MP24700.

 Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.
   MP24256 - MP24264.
   MP24429 - MP24436.
   MP24643 - MP24644.
   MP24700.

 Doubleday, Brian.
   MP24634.

 Doubleday Multimedia, division of Doubleday and Company, Inc.
   SEE Doubleday and Company, Inc. Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doward, Jan S.
   MP24389.

 Down Singapore way.
   R555075.

 Dracula A. D. 1972.
   LP42882.

 Dragonflies: flying hunters of the waterside.
   MP24704.

 Dream seeker.
   LP42402.

 Drifting along.
   R557006.

 Drill press.
   MP24422.

 Drummer.
   LP42861.

 Duarte Clark, Rodrigo.
   LP42878.

 DuPont DeNemours (E. I.) and Company, Inc.
   MU8859.

 Dutton (E. P.) and Company, Inc.
   LP42586.


                                   E

 E M K A, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
   SEE Universal City Studios, Inc. E M K A.

 Ealing Studios, Ltd.
   R558415.

 Earl Carroll sketchbook.
   R557428.

 Earth science curriculum project.
   MP24161.

 Eastern heritage.
   LP42749.

 Easy Sunday murder case.
   LP42728.

 Edinboro State College Film Unit.
   MP24439.

 Edinboro State College, PA.
   MP24439.

 Edith flips her wig.
   LP42535.

 Edith's winning ticket.
   LP42544.

 Educational psychology series.
   MP24437.
   MP24438.

 Edutronics Systems International, Inc.
   MP24169 - MP24182.
   MP24441 - MP24454.

 Effective writing: Research skills.
   MP24684.

 Efficiency in ANS Cobol.
   MP24441 - MP24444.

 Eight in every port.
   LP42649.

 88 Royale.
   MP24352.

 Electra Glide in blue.
   LP42802.

 Electrical circuit troubleshooting.
   MP24317.

 Electricity in our lives.
   MP24520.

 Electronic ignition diagnosis.
   MP24318.

 Elegy for a vampire.
   LP42835.

 Elementary case of murder.
   LP42724.

 Elements of J C L.
   MP24445 - MP24448.

 Eleven dollars.
   LP42859.

 Ella.
   LP42407.

 Ellin, Stanley.
   LP42831.

 Elton Corporation.
   LP42885.

 Emergency nasal packing.
   MP24695.

 Emigrants.
   LP42520.

 Empty cities.
   MP24544.

 Enchanted forest.
   R557437.

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corporation.
   MP24159 - MP24168.
   MP24232.
   MP24335 - MP24336.

 Energy creates.
   MU8676.

 Energy crisis.
   MP24209.

 Engaged to be buried.
   LP42890.

 Enigma.
   MU8779.

 Enric Madriguera and his orchestra.
   R562336.

 Enthusiast.
   LP42441.

 Entity Productions, Inc.
   LU3657.

 Environment.
   LP42713.

 Epstein, Julius J.
   LP42744.

 Equal rights for women.
   MP24646.

 Erik the Red.
   MP24379.

 Escape Country.
   MP24547.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films.
   MP24208.
   MP24679 - MP24681.
   MP24684 - MP24686.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Materials.
   MP24224 - MP24228.
   MP24241 - MP24246.
   MP24267 - MP24270.
   MP24323 - MP24328.
   MP24648 - MP24651.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Media.
   MP24223.

 Esquire, Inc. Perspective Films.
   MP24682.
   MP24683.

 Esty (William) Company, Inc.
   MP24247.
   MP24278.
   MP24295.
   MP24440.
   MP24545.
   MP24637.

 Every hour.
   MU8659.

 Everybody tells the truth.
   LP42527.

 Exceptional movements for exceptional students.
   MP24311.

 Exec statement.
   MP24447.

 Exit from Wickenburg.
   LP42419.

 Experiment.
   MU8811.

 Expressways.
   MP24381.

 Eyes that wouldn't die.
   LP42778.


                                   F

 FMA.
   LP42915.

 F Troop.
   LP42660 - LP42690.

 Fabulous country.
   MP24156.

 Face of murder.
   LP42725.

 Fair and wormer.
   R558107.

 Fairbanks, Douglas, Jr.
   LP42826.
   LP42885.

 Fairchild Industries, Inc.
   LP42931.

 Fairweather fiends.
   R563313.

 Family.
   MU8814.

 Fant, Louie J., Jr.
   LP42876.

 Fantasy Films.
   LP42587.

 Far cry from yesterday.
   LP42871.

 Farrell, Henry.
   LP42788.

 Fasloc—an umbrella of safety.
   MU8859.

 Fate of the world.
   R558303.

 Fear is the key.
   LF120.

 Fear of spiders.
   LP42459.

 Feast of blood.
   LP42469.

 Fedderson (Don) Productions, Inc.
   LP42434 - LP42454.

 Feiner (Richard) and Company, Inc.
   R560762.

 Feldstein, Al.
   LP42588.

 Fergus for sale.
   LF42435.

 Fern Productions Company.
   MU886O.

 Fernald kinesthetic technique.
   MP24712.

 Fernkopf, Forrest D.
   MP24330–MP24333.

 Fields of typing.
   MP24679.

 5th victim.
   LP42428.

 Figaro and Frankie.
   R562717.

 Fight for freedom.
   R565216.

 Fighting Bill Carson.
   R557438.

 Film Archives Company.
   LP42490.
   LP42549.
   R563093.
   R563094.
   R565504.

 Film Counselors, Inc.
   MP24277.

 Film vodvil.
   R555239.
   R556563.
   R560943.

 Filmakers Group.
   LP42743.

 Filmfair Communications.
   MP24153.
   MP24478 - MP24482.
   MP24592 - MP24593.
   MP24635.

 Filmfair, Inc.
   MP24153.
   MP24478 - MP24482.
   MP24592 - MP24593.
   MP24635.

 Filmmaking.
   MP24320.

 Films du Carrosse, S. A.
   LP42788.

 Films, Inc.
   MP24285.

 Films North.
   MP24714.

 Financial functions and the roles of financial officers in the modern
    corporation.
   MP24294.

 Financial management of the marketing function.
   MP24292.

 Finding their way.
   MP24540.

 Fingers and hands.
   MP24183.

 Finnegan's flight.
   LP42762.

 Fire in the sea.
   MP24162.

 First Artists Production Company, Ltd.
   LP42485.
   LP42492.
   LP42785.
   LP42786.

 First results.
   MU8770.

 Fiscal policy.
   MP24466.

 Fish story.
   LP42741.

 Fisher, Vardis.
   LP42584.

 Fission.
   MU8766.

 Fistful of diamonds.
   LP42424.

 Fistic mystic.
   R565042.

 Five minutes for breast self examination.
   MP24357.

 5 senses.
   LP42591.

 Five women weeping.
   LP42779.

 Flame artistry.
   MP24234.

 Flaming bullets.
   R557431.

 Flaming trap.
   R555226.

 Flap.
   LP42628.

 Flashback.
   LP42820.

 Flashback: Mike and Gloria's wedding.
   LP42534.
   LP42543.

 Flashing roof openings.
   MP24344.

 Fleet (Reuben H.) Space Theater.
   MU8861.

 Flexible budgeting.
   MP24288.

 Flip side of Satan.
   LP42458.

 Flood of flames.
   R558418.

 Florida's problem.
   LP42808.

 Fly.
   MP24231.

 Flycatcher.
   LP42872.

 Flying hoofs.
   R555238.

 Flying serpent.
   R563064.

 Flying to oblivion.
   R556560.

 Focus on French.
   MP24710.

 Follow that woman.
   R557420.

 Foods: fads and facts.
   MP24396.

 Fools die twice.
   LP42896.

 Football — hiding the football.
   MP24631.

 Football — the ball carrier.
   MP24621.

 Football thrills.
   R558037.

 For whom the bugle tolls.
   LP42683.

 Ford, John.
   MU8774.

 Ford Motor Company. Saline Plant.
   MP24391.

 Form and formula — matter and man.
   MP24682.

 40 carats.
   LP42415.

 Forty five years of controlling the quality and quantity of production.
   MP24370.

 Foster (David) Productions.
   LP42785.

 Four for the road.
   LP42698.

 Four stones for Kanemitsu.
   MP24638.

 Four wheel drive vehicles.
   MU8797.

 Four young women.
   MP24632.

 Fowl play.
   LP42497.

 Franciscan Communications Center.
   MP24338.
   MP24483.

 Franklin, J. E.
   LP42829.

 Frankovich Productions, Inc.
   LP42415.

 Freddie steps out.
   R566074.

 Freeman (Leonard) Productions, Inc.
   LP42886–LP42904.

 Freeze a jolly good fellow.
   LP42498.

 Freiwald, Eric.
   LP42401.

 Freleng.
   LP42840 - LP42843.

 French key.
   R563069.

 Friends of Eddie Coyle.
   LP42412.

 Fright night.
   LP42758.

 From a shoestring.
   LP42432.

 From karate with love.
   LP42660.

 Frontier frolic.
   R560647.

 Frontier fugitives.
   R557436.

 Frozen war, America intervenes in Russia, 1918–1920.
   MU8721.

 Fugitives.
   LP42855.

 Fun with lines.
   MP24651.

 Fun with words: Words that describe sounds.
   MP24325.

 Fundamental turning maneuvers.
   MP24384.

 Fundamentals of finance and accounting for nonfinancial managers.
   LP42432.
   LP42433.

 Funeral.
   LP42455.

 Funny car summer.
   LP42930.

 Fur coat club.
   LP42417.

 Furie Sentinel Harkor Productions.
   LP42844.

 Future is now.
   MP24713.


                                   G

 G. I. wanna home.
   R560942.

 G. I. war brides.
   R557423.

 Gaines, Bill.
   LP42588.

 Gallant Bess.
   R559377.

 Gallant journey.
   R560936.

 Gallows in the wind.
   LP42773.

 Game of death.
   R557419.

 Garden isle.
   MU8723.

 Gateway Educational Films, Ltd.
   MP24649.

 Gay cavalier.
   R561681.

 Geller, Bruce.
   LP42752.

 General Conference of Seventh Day Adventists. Youth Department.
   MP24389.

 General Film Distributors, Ltd.
   R557858.
   R561404.

 General Motors Corporation. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   MU8708 - MU8719.
   MU8784 - MU8799.
   MU8801 - MU8802.

 General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.
   MP24347 - MP24352.

 General Production Company.
   LP42792.

 Generally accepted accounting principles.
   MP24203.

 Genesis: decimation.
   LU3655.

 Genie with the light touch.
   LP42735.

 Genius at work.
   R560803.

 Gentleman from Texas.
   R566075.

 Gentlemen with guns.
   R563080.

 Geothermal energy series, no. 1.
   MU8776.

 Germany — dada.
   LP42918.

 Get the message.
   MU8718.

 Getaway.
   LP42785.

 Getting it all together.
   LP42803.

 Getting there is half the fun.
   LP42641.

 Getting together.
   LP42793.
   LP42794.
   LP42795.

 Getty and Fromkess Picture Corporation.
   LP42884.

 Getty Picture Corporation.
   LP42884.

 Gettysburg — three days in July.
   MP24303.

 Ghost of Hidden Valley.
   R563081.

 Ghost of Sorworth Place.
   LP42470.

 Ghost story.
   LP42830 - LP42835.

 Giessler (Dieter) Film Produktion. Divina Film.
   LP42626.

 Gilmore, Edward J.
   MP24301.

 Giotto and the pre Renaissance.
   LP42923.

 Giotto and the pre Renascence.
   LP42923.

 Girl in boxcar number 3.
   LP42421.

 Girl with the hungry eyes.
   LP42754.

 Glacier on the move.
   MP24161.

 Glass alibi.
   R563067.

 Glimpses of California.
   R560440.

 Gloria and the riddle.
   LP42538.

 Gloria, the victim.
   LP42526.

 Godmothers.
   LP42877.

 Godmothers, Inc.
   LP42877.

 God's country.
   R563094.

 Gold diggin' woodpecker.
   LP42739.

 Goldberg Werrenrath Productions.
   MP24353.

 Goldnavel.
   LP42488.

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions.
   R554772.

 Good citizen.
   LP42557.

 Good eating habits.
   MP24323.

 Good tidings of great joy.
   MU8671.

 Goodbye, Fergus.
   LP42437.

 Goodbye Mrs. Hips.
   LP42603.

 Goodis, David.
   LF123.

 Googolplex.
   MU8782.

 Goya.
   LP42926.

 Graveyard shift.
   LP42836.

 Great shell game.
   LP42422.

 Great troop robbery.
   LP42678.

 Gredy.
   LP42415.

 Greek temple.
   LP42922.

 Green, Doris.
   MP24310.

 Green fingers.
   LF42455.

 Greenlee, Sam.
   LP42801.

 Greenwich Film Production.
   LF123.

 Griffin, Patrick.
   MU8721.

 Grinding wheels.
   R556552.

 Group dynamics; Groupthink.
   MP24438.

 Groupthink.
   MP24438.

 Growing Common Market.
   MP24140.

 Growing pains for the Common Market.
   MP24140.

 Guercio, James William.
   LP42802.

 Guggenheim Productions, Inc.
   MP24155.

 Gunman's code.
   R563303.

 Guns, guns, who's got the guns.
   LP42669.

 Gunsmoke.
   LP42746 - LP42748.
   LP42845 - LP42868.


                                   H

 HMS Film Corporation.
   MP24249.

 Habit of happiness.
   LP42790.

 Hagopian, J. Michael.
   MP24302.
   MP24313.
   MP24315.
   MP24641.
   MP24721.

 Haiku.
   MP24236.

 Half a death.
   LP42832.

 Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
   LP42882.

 Hand.
   MP24232.

 Hand of Borgus Weems.
   LP42456.

 Handling emergencies.
   MP24588.

 Happy birthday, anyway.
   LF42439.

 Happy birthday Baba.
   MP24718.

 Happy birthday, to who.
   LP42637.

 Harbour Productions, Inc.
   LP42700.

 Harbour Productions, Ltd.
   LP42780.

 Harrison Carter, male nurse.
   LP42594.

 Harris, Mark.
   LP42702.

 Harry in your pocket.
   LP42752.

 Hartley, L. P.
   LP42414.

 Harvey. Jon.
   LP42804.

 Hatred unto death.
   LP42756.

 Haunted mine.
   R561678.

 Haunted West.
   MP24137.

 Hawaii Five - O.
   LP42886 - LP2904.

 He wanted to live.
   MP24419.

 Headin' for a weddin'.
   R558298.

 Heading West.
   R557883.

 Health.
   LP42705.

 Healthy choice — the story of prepaid group health care.
   MP24152.

 Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   MP24139 - MP24146.
   R555104 - R555111.
   R556430 - R556438.
   R558522 - R558530.
   R560703 - R560710.
   R562545 - R562553.
   R565166 - R365174.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   SEE Hearst Corporation. Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

 Heat increases molecular motion.
   MP24700.

 Heavier than water.
   R558421.

 Hedden, Chet.
   MP24592.

 Heggen, Thomas O.
   LP42630 - LP42659.

 Heller, Robert A.
   MP24329.

 Hell's bells.
   LF42463.

 Henpecked hoboes.
   R561013.

 Her adventurous night.
   R558108.

 Here today, gone tonight.
   LP42886.

 Here's Lucy.
   LP42377 - LP42400.
   LP42594 - LP42617.

 Hermes Films.
   LF42932.

 Hi - li.
   R565227.

 Hidden goods.
   LU3654.

 Higgins (Alfred) Productions, Inc.
   MP24385.
   MP24396.
   MP24630.
   MP24642.

 Higgins, George V.
   LP42412.

 High line smashup.
   R558427.

 High lonesome country.
   LP42575.

 High school.
   MP24218.

 Highway execution.
   R558420.

 Hijack.
   LP42564.

 Hintze, Naomi A.
   LP42720.

 Hireling.
   LP42414.

 History: man's recorded past.
   MP24276.

 Hit.
   LP42844.

 Hitler and his henchmen.
   MP24576.

 Hitzig Rupert.
   LP42802.

 Hobo hound.
   R560631.

 Holiday in Mexico.
   R555969.

 Holmes, Oakley N., Jr.
   MP24221.

 Home for the weekend.
   MP24230.

 Home is not an office.
   LP42595.

 Homecoming.
   LP42851.

 Honeymoon blues.
   R562635.

 Hoot Kloot.
   LP42493 - LP42494.
   LP42840 - LP42843.

 Hop Harrigan.
   R555226 - R555227.
   R556546.
   R556558 - R556560.
   R558300 - R558303.

 Horse of another color.
   LP42664

 Hospital.
   MP24217.

 Hostage.
   LP42854.

 Hot watch.
   LP42529.

 Hot water.
   R556554.

 Houghton Mifflin Company.
   MP24286.

 Houghton Mifflin Company. Educational Division.
   MP24286.

 Houghton Mifflin reading program.
   MP24286.

 House of evil.
   LP42838.

 House of horrors.
   R560612.

 House with ghosts.
   LF42463.

 Housekeeping series.
   MP24150.
   MP24151.

 How a thermometer works.
   MP24502.

 How and why things fall.
   MP24525.

 How and whys of going down.
   MP24526.

 How and whys of going up.
   MP24527.

 How big is big.
   MP24521.

 How do electrical circuits work.
   MP24535.

 How do o o o you do.
   R563061.

 How does electricity flow.
   MP24518.

 How does heat travel.
   MP24503.

 How does light behave.
   MP24505.

 How English borrowed words.
   MP24224.

 How English changed in America.
   MP24225.

 How light helps us.
   MP24328.

 How many are there.
   MP24523.

 How much is there.
   MP24522.

 How much is too much.
   LP42692.

 How push and pull change direction.
   MP24532.

 How the Grit almost stole Joe College.
   LU3662.

 How to avoid the 16 leading causes of OSHA citations.
   MP24647.

 How to be F Troop without really trying.
   LP42675.

 How to create electricity.
   MP24519.

 How to cure the common vampire.
   LP42756.

 How to cut a tenon on the circular saw.
   MP24432.

 How to edge glue two boards together.
   MP24435.

 How to help people buy.
   MU8715.

 How to increase your selling productivity.
   MU8714.

 How to listen and establish two way communications.
   MU8713.

 How to make pictures with light.
   MP24507.

 How to make your own camera.
   MP24508.

 How to sell trucks for light duty commercial usage.
   MU8710.

 How to sell trucks for personal transportation.
   MU8712.

 How to trap a woodpecker.
   LP42481.

 How to use a crosscut handsaw.
   MP24430.

 How to use a screwdriver.
   MP24431.

 How words are made.
   MP24228.

 How words get new meanings.
   MP24223.

 How you can fight pollution.
   MP24512.

 Hubley Studio, Inc.
   LP42694.

 Huerta, Jorge A.
   LP42878.

 Huffaker, Clair.
   LP42628.

 Huggins, Roy.
   LP42730.

 Human Ecology Institute.
   MU8755.

 Human services organization and development described in system
    terminology.
   MU8755.

 Human time bomb.
   R558425.

 Humanities.
   MP24160.

 Humanities series.
   MP24272 - MP24276.
   MP24316.
   MP24584.

 Humboldt State College Foundation, Arcata, CA.
   MP24185.

 Hungarofilm.
   LP42620.

 Hunt, John A.
   LP42932.

 Hurled into space.
   R560934.

 Husbands, wives, and killers.
   LP42729.

 Hutchins, Pat.
   LP42585.

 Hybrid vigor — key to abundance.
   MP24549.

 Hydrogen: preparing and testing.
   MP24263.


                                   I

 I can dream can't I.
   LP42691.

 I / D / E / A.
   SEE Institute for the Development of Educational Activities, Inc.

 I did not mean to slay thee.
   LP42769

 I escaped from Devil's Island.
   LP42753.

 I love my husband but.
   R565238.

 I / O considerations.
   MP24442.

 I ring doorbells.
   R563062.

 Iceberg Slim.
   LP42719.

 Icebox goeth.
   MU8720.

 Idea girl.
   R560601.

 Identifying and predicting.
   MP24383.

 Identity crisis.
   LP42511.

 If I should die before I wake.
   LP42909.

 If you want us to stand down, tell us.
   MP24628.

 I'll never leave you — ever.
   LP42473.

 I'm a family crook — don't shoot.
   LP42903.

 Impressionists.
   LP42925.

 In fast company.
   R561688.

 In love and war.
   LP42658.

 In out around.
   MP24311.

 Income determination.
   MP24460.

 Indexed sequential analysis.
   MP24182.

 Indexed sequential data sets.
   MP24452.

 Indexed sequential performance.
   MP24181.

 Indian corn.
   LP42738.

 Innocence.
   MU8778.

 Input / output considerations.
   MP24442.

 Inside job.
   R560623.

 Institute for the Development of Educational Activities, Inc.
   MP24186.

 Insurance.
   MP24472.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety.
   MP24135.
   MP24158.

 Interacting with traffic.
   MP24386.

 Intern: a long year.
   MP24165.

 International Communications Films.
   MP24256.

 International Pictures Corporation.
   R563305.

 International Sports Productions, Inc.
   LP42695.

 Introduction to electric and magnetic fields.
   MP24705.

 Introduction to J C L.
   MP24445.

 Introduction to managerial accounting.
   MP24289.

 Introduction to return on investment.
   MP24206.

 Introductory economics films.
   MP24457 - MP24466.

 Investing in yourself to find the million dollar prospect.
   MP24359.

 Iowa State University, Ames.
   MP24233.

 Irani, Adi K.
   MP24718.

 Ironside.
   LP42780.

 Is this fort really necessary.
   LP42673.

 Isasi - Capitole - Eichberg - Franca.
   LF121.

 Isles of enchantment.
   MP24715.

 Israel, nation of destiny.
   MP24313.

 Israeli boy: life on a kibbutz.
   MP24159.

 It's about you.
   LP42691 - LP42693.
   LP42803.

 It's great to be young.
   R560940.

 It's just one piece.
   MP24358.

 It's my pleasure.
   MU8652.

 It's your turn.
   LP2931.

 I've always loved you.
   R557425.


                                   J

 J C L coding techniques.
   MP24449 - MP24454.

 Jaffe, Sam.
   LP42700.

 Jams and jellies.
   MP24212.

 Jana Film Enterprises, Inc.
   LP42722.

 Janie gets married.
   R555067.

 Jeremiah Johnson.
   LP42584.

 Jartech, Inc.
   MP24594.

 Japan's surrender.
   R562970.

 Jerry Wald and his orchestra.
   R560945.

 Jesse.
   LP42846.

 Job statement.
   MP24446.

 Joe Hill.
   LP42411.

 Joe Palooka, champ.
   R561685.

 John Michael O'Flaherty presents the eleven o'clock war.
   LP42513.

 Johnny in the clouds.
   R557858.

 Jolson story.
   R560941.

 Jopling, John P.
   MU8860.

 Joshua Tree Productions.
   MP24274.
   MP24584.

 Journey from San Juan.
   LP42429.

 Journey out of limbo.
   LP42898.

 Joyce, John P.
   LP42876.

 Joyce Motion Picture Company.
   LP42876.

 Jubilee.
   LP42866.

 Judgment.
   LP42862.

 Juggernaut of fate.
   R556559.

 Junior.
   LP42459.

 Junior League of Miami, Inc.
   MP24564.

 Junior prom.
   R561682.

 Jump to eternity.
   R556551.

 Jury of one.
   LP42891.

 Just for fun.
   LP42406.


                                   K

 K. L. K. Productions, Ltd.
   LF120.

 Kastner, Elliott.
   LP42751.

 Katie's career.
   LP42442.

 Kaye Instruments, Inc.
   MP24705.

 Kayfetz Edutec Productions.
   MP24129 - MP24132.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc.
   MP24550 - MP24562.

 Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc. Visual Instruction Productions.
   MP24550 - MP24562.

 Keep in touch.
   LP42464.
   MP24319.

 Kennan, Wayne A.
   LU3663.

 Kerry, Lucyann.
   MP24636.

 Key to murder.
   R558426.

 Key to unlock aphasia: a multilevel approach.
   MP24354.

 Key transformation techniques.
   MP24174.

 Kid from Brooklyn.
   R554772.

 Killarney blarney.
   LP42496.

 Killers.
   R560650.

 Kimbro.
   LP42847.

 King of the everglades.
   R562338.

 Kingdom of could be you.
   LP42704 - LP42716.

 Klein (Walter J.) Company. Ltd.
   MP24152.

 Kling, Clarence Buddy.
   LP42618.

 Kling, Thelma M. SEE Sigma Seven
 Productions.

 Knight, Robert M.
   MP24586.
   MP24703.

 Krumins, Daina.
   MP24138.

 Kubrick, Stanley.
   LP42910.


                                   L

 LBJ: tragedy and transition.
   MP24574.

 Lady Douglas.
   LF42436.

 Lady in the lake.
   R562447.

 Lady in waiting.
   LP42507.

 Lady Luck.
   LP42559.
   LP42881.
   R560802.

 Laird, Jack.
   LP42721.

 Lancer Productions.
   MP24392.

 Landor (Walter) Associates.
   MU8675 - MU8676.
   MU8765 - MU8766.

 Landrush.
   R360938.

 Lantz, Walter.
   LP42731 - LP42742.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   R563312.
   R563313.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions, Inc.
   R558118.
   R558141.
   R558152.
   R560578.
   R560582.
   R560594.

 Larceny in her heart.
   R563071.

 Larry has it made.
   MP24687.

 Lassie Television, Inc.
   LP42401 - LP42405.

 Last rights for a dead druid.
   LP42471.

 Last tango in Paris.
   LP42550.

 Late Mister Peddington.
   LP42469.

 Lauck, Chester H.
   R557855.

 Law and order.
   MP24219.

 Lay, Andre.
   LF121.

 Laying out.
   MP24555.
   MP24560.

 Lazy hunter.
   R562343.

 Lear, Norman.
   LP42783.
   LP42805 - LP42824.

 Learning Company of America, a division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Company of America.

 Learning Corporation of America.
   LP42906 - LP42908.
   MP24582 - MP24583.

 Learning to look series.
   MP24620.

 Learning to use money.
   MP24268.

 Le Corbusier.
   LP42921.

 Lecture.
   MP24187 - MP24202.

 Lee Suzuki: home in Hawaii.
   MP24583.

 Legacy of Charlie O'Rourke.
   LP42431.

 Leiber, Franz.
   LP42754.

 Leitner, Alfred.
   MP24136.

 LePage, Gerald J.
   MP24147.

 Les Elgart and his orchestra.
   R565224.

 Lesser (Sol) Productions, Inc.
   R555112.

 Lesson.
   MP24624 - MP24627.

 Lester, David V.
   MU8664.

 Let Charlie do it.
   LP42736.

 Let no man regret.
   MP24642.

 Let's look at sounding out.
   MP24334.

 Levinson, David.
   LP42780.

 Levy Gardner Laven.
   LP42627.

 Liberty.
   LP42631.

 Life and times of Judge Roy Bean.
   LP42492.

 Life insurance as a career.
   MP24362.

 Life on the line.
   MP24546.

 Life with baby.
   MP24706.

 Life you save (first aid).
   MP24593.

 Light all about us.
   MP24327.

 Lightning raiders.
   R557439
   R563079.

 Like mother, like daughter.
   LP42816.

 Lily Pons.
   MP24222.

 Limbo.
   LP42745.

 Lindemann's catch.
   LP42469.

 Lindenbaum, Louis E.
   MU8656.

 Lionel steps out.
   LP42533.

 Listening beyond words.
   MP24251.

 Literature: legacy for the future.
   MP24274.

 Little giant.
   R560618.

 Little girl blue.
   LP42888.

 Little girl lost.
   LP42475.

 Little Miss Big.
   R560628.

 Live and let die.
   LP42491.

 Live wires.
   A557005.

 Living Desert Reserve.
   MP24547.

 Locket.
   LP42542.

 Loco Brothers.
   LP42690.

 Locusts: the now and ancient plague.
   MP24581.

 Loew's, Inc.
   R555323.
   R555324.
   R555969.
   R556821.
   R557779.
   R558034 - R558037.
   R559377.
   R560440.
   R561012.
   R561013.
   R561014.
   R561504.
   R561505.
   R562447.
   R565237.
   R565238.
   R565935.
   R565936.

 Logan, Joshua.
   LP42630 - LP42659.

 Logoda's heads.
   LP42468.

 Lombardi: commitment to excellence.
   LP42696.

 London, Jack.
   LP42487.

 Lone star moonlight.
   R565217.

 Lone Star padre.
   R558140.

 Lonesome Katie.
   LP42453.

 Lonesome trail.
   R556320.

 Long chase.
   LP42578.

 Long goodbye.
   LP42701.

 Long winter of Henry Aaron.
   MP24701.

 Look with pride.
   MP24355.

 Looney tunes.
   R565043.
   R565044.

 Lost in the skies.
   R558300.

 Loukides, Paul.
   MP24585.

 Love and marriage.
   LP42819.

 Love at 78 R P M.
   LP42638.

 Lover come back.
   R560627.

 Lover, come forward.
   LP42635.

 Low friction arthroplasty using a two part prosthesis.
   MP24254.

 Low speed crash costs, foreign models.
   MP24135.

 Lowry, Ted.
   LP24272.
   MP24273.
   MP24620.

 Lucas, Pew.
   SEE Lucas, William.

 Lucas, William.
   MP24127.

 Lucy and Alladin's lamp.
   LP42381.

 Lucy and Carol Burnett.
   LP42382.

 Lucy and Donny Osmond.
   LP42601.

 Lucy and Eva Gabor are hospital roomies.
   LP42608.

 Lucy and Harry's memoirs.
   LP42614.

 Lucy and her genuine Twimby.
   LP42617.

 Lucy and her prince charming.
   LP42605.

 Lucy and Jack Benny's biography.
   LP42395.

 Lucy and Jim Bailey.
   LP42606.

 Lucy and Joe Namath.
   LP42596.

 Lucy and Petula Clark.
   LP42597.

 Lucy and Ma Parker.
   LP42399.

 Lucy and Rudy Vallee.
   LP42396.

 Lucy and Sammy Davis, Jr.
   LP42387.

 Lucy and the diamond cutter.
   LP42394.

 Lucy and the drum contest.
   LP42388.

 Lucy and the franchise fiasco.
   LP42611.

 Lucy and the group encounter.
   LP42600.

 Lucy and the professor.
   LP42612.

 Lucy and the raffle.
   LP42379.

 Lucy and the 20 - 20 vision.
   LP42378.

 Lucy and Uncle Harry's pot.
   LP42613.

 Lucy cuts Vincent's price.
   LP42393.

 Lucy goes Hawaiian.
   LP42383.
   LP42384.

 Lucy goes on her last blind date.
   LP42610.

 Lucy goes to prison.
   LP42609.

 Lucy is really in a pickle.
   LP42616.

 Lucy looses her cool.
   LP42397.

 Lucy meets the Burtons.
   LP42385.

 Lucy, part time wife.
   LP42398.

 Lucy stops a marriage.
   LP42400.

 Lucy, the American mother.
   LP42391.

 Lucy, the coed.
   LP42390.

 Lucy, the crusader.
   LP42389.

 Lucy, the other woman.
   LP42598.

 Lucy, the skydiver.
   LP42386.

 Lucy's bug break.
   LP42602.

 Lucy's houseguest, Harry.
   LP42380.

 Lucy's vacation.
   LP42377.

 Lucy's wedding party.
   LP42392.

 Ludwig.
   LP42626.

 Lunaflick Company, Ltd.
   MP24485 - MP24536.

 Lyons, Robert F.
   LP42406.


                                   M

 M / F preventive dentistry program.
   MP24388.

 McCreedy bust.
   LP42418.
   LP42579.

 McGraw Hill.
   MP24422.

 McGraw Hill Book Company.
   MP24272 - MP24276.
   MP24316.
   MP24457 - MP24466.
   MP24584.
   MP24620.
   MP24705.

 McGraw Hill Films.
   MP24272 - MP24276.
   MP24316.
   MP24584.
   MP24620.

 McGraw Hill, Inc.
   MP24272 - MP24276.
   MP24316.
   MP24457 - MP24466.
   MP24584.
   MP24705.

 McGuffin.
   LP42573.

 Machine shop series, set 4.
   MP24422.

 Machito and rumba band.
   R562637.

 McIver, Stuart.
   MP24303.

 McKee, Robert Orville.
   LU3659.

 Maclean, Alistair.
   LF120.

 McLean Productions.
   MP24469.

 McMahon, Franklin.
   MP24484.

 McMillan and wife.
   LP42723 - LP42729.

 Madonna of the seven moons.
   R557176.

 Maestros.
   LP42589.

 Magic mineral.
   R558148.

 Magnetic tape data sets.
   MP24450.

 Magnets: what they are and how they work.
   MP24533.

 Magnificent moving movie.
   MP24392.

 Maillet, Daniel J.
   MP24710.

 Maintenance with sequential organization.
   MP24172.

 Major News Library.
   R555470 - R555478.
   R556064.
   R556065.
   R556222.
   R556223.
   R557303.
   R557304.
   R557511 - R557514.
   R557729.
   R557878.
   R558281.
   R558282.
   R558283.
   R559101.
   R559295.
   R559296.
   R559866.
   R559867.
   R560763.
   R560764.
   R360765.
   R560927.
   R561719 - R561722.
   R563089 - R563092.
   R563096.
   R563097.
   R564004.
   R564005.
   R564833.
   R564834.
   R564835.
   R565207.
   R565208.
   R565505.
   R565506.
   R565507.

 Majority of Wilton.
   LP42672.

 Make a mighty reach.
   MP24186.

 Making it.
   MP24636.

 Making our water clean.
   MP24509.

 Malloch, William F.
   MU8721.

 Man called snake.
   LP42797.

 Man from Oklahoma.
   R554753.
   R554754.

 Man of La Mancha.
   LP42551.

 Man on the moon: the epic journey of Apollo 11.
   MP24578.

 Man who murdered himself.
   LP42426.

 Managing space and time.
   MP24387.

 Manners and customs.
   MP24681.

 Man's own ecological system.
   MP24514.

 Manske, Clifford Carl.
   MU8804.

 Manufacturing.
   LP42706.

 Many Americans.
   MP24583.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   MP24321.

 March of time.
   MP24706.
   MP24707.

 Marconlee Corporation.
   LP42829.

 Marginal productivity and the demand for labor.
   MP24463.

 Marin Audubon Society, Tiburon, CA.
   MP24397.

 Mark 7.
   LP42554 - LP42572.

 Mark Twain's Tom Sawyer.
   LP42552.

 Marketing and distribution.
   LP42708.

 Marriage, Fort Courage style.
   LP42670.

 Marshall Maintenance.
   MP24128.
   MP24344.

 Marmalade wine.
   LP42459.

 Mask of Diijon.
   R563066.

 Mason, Paul.
   LP42723 - LP42729.

 Math number facts.
   MP24330 - MP24333.

 Matheson Gas Products, a division of Will Ross, Inc.
   SEE Will Ross, Inc. Matheson Gas Products.

 Mathoms.
   MU8858.

 Matrimaniac.
   LP42826.

 Matter of fact.
   MP24286.

 Matter of semantics.
   LP42462.

 Matthew Aliuk: Eskimo in two worlds.
   LP42621.

 Maude.
   LP42805 - LP42824.

 Me and the monsters.
   MP24149.

 Mechanical ballet.
   LP42490.

 Medex International, Inc.
   MP24693 - MP24696.

 Media Wakers, Inc.
   LP42691.
   LP42692.
   LP42693.

 Meet the Mormons.
   MP24248.

 Mega Film Roma.
   LP42626.

 Meher House Publications.
   MP24719.

 Meier, Don.
   MP24715 - MP24717.

 Melendez, Bill.
   LP42787.

 Mendelson, Lee.
   LP42787.

 Merciful.
   LP42457.

 Merck and Company, Inc.
   MP24296.

 Merrie melodies.
   R565045.

 Merrily we sing.
   R560595.

 Messiah on Mott Street.
   LP42467.

 Metro Goldwyn Mayer, Inc.
   LP42625.
   LP42791.
   LP42879.
   LP42880.
   R555323.
   R555324.
   R555969.
   R556821.
   R557779.
   R558034 - R558037.
   R559377.
   R560440.
   R561012.
   R561013.
   R561014.
   R561504.
   R561505.
   R562447.
   R565237.
   R565238.
   R565935.
   R565936.

 Metromedia Producers Corporation.
   LP42588.

 Midnight never ends.
   LP42461.

 Midnight visit to the neighborhood blood bank.
   LP42463.

 Mighty McGurk.
   R561014.

 Mike and Gloria's wedding.
   LP42534.
   LP42543.

 Mike comes into money.
   LP42521.

 Mike's appendix.
   LP42537.

 Mill.
   LP42622.

 Milligan.
   LP42856.

 Milner Fenwick, Inc.
   MP24388.

 Milner Fenwick, Inc. Educational Division.
   MP24388.

 Miracle at Camafeo.
   LP42470.

 Mirisch Cinema Company, Inc.
   LP42493 - LP42498.
   LP42825.
   LP42840 - LP42843.

 Mirror demo rev.
   MU8805.
   MU8810.

 Miss Lovecraft sent me.
   LP42456.

 Miss Parmenter.
   LP42684.

 Miss VO5 is.
   MU8660.

 Miss VO5 presents.
   MU8762.

 Missing lady.
   R558100.

 Mr. Chimp.
   R558149.
   R560634.
   R560635.

 Mr. Felix.
   LP42558.

 Mister Roberts.
   LP42630 - LP42659.

 Mister Shepard and Mister Milne.
   LP42586.

 Mr. Wright goes wrong.
   R558297.

 Mitchell Brothers Film Group.
   MP24595.

 Mitchell Brothers Films.
   MP24594.

 Moberg, Vilhelm.
   LP42520.

 Monaco name change.
   MP24426.

 Monetary policy.
   MP24459.

 Money management and family financial planning.
   MP24471 - MP24476.

 Monkey businessmen.
   R555235.

 Monogram Pictures Corporation.
   R555455 - R555467.
   R556320.
   R557005 - R557007.
   R558100.
   R561678 - R561688.
   R566073 - R566075.

 Monsieur Beaucaire.
   R560644.

 Montecatini Edison, S. P. A.
   MP24682.

 Monument Productions.
   MP24303.

 Moochin pooch.
   LP42484.

 Moody Institute of Science. Whittier, GA.
   MP24544.

 Moon over Montana.
   R561679.

 Moonlight melodies.
   R563306.

 Moonshine.
   LP42567.

 More.
   LP42545.

 Morning harbor.
   MP24592.

 Morocco.
   MP24306.

 Moron than off.
   R565221.

 Motion Picture Department, Brigham Young University.
   SEE Brigham Young University. Motion Picture Department.

 Motion Pictures International, Inc.
   LP42912.

 Motorcycle safety.
   MP24153.

 Motorcycle safety and courtesy in traffic.
   MP24394.

 Motorola.
   MP24401 - MP24409.
   MP24411 - MP24413.
   MP24702.

 Mountain man.
   LP42584.

 Mouse menace.
   R565044.

 Mousemerized cat.
   R562341.

 Mousie come home.
   R560594.

 Mouton, Jane Srygley.
   MP24340.

 Movie of the week.
   LP42730.

 Movies go west.
   MU8816.

 Moyer, Martin.
   MP24311.
   MP24312.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   MP24311.
   MP24312.

 Ms. — the struggle for women's rights.
   MP24139.

 Multiple hands.
   MU8812.

 Multiplication facts.
   MP24330.

 Multiplier.
   MP24458.

 Munchausen.
   R565504.

 Munroe (Joe) — Photography.
   MP24549.

 Murder by the barrel.
   LP42727.

 Murder by the book.
   LP42503.

 Murder in America.
   MP24252.

 Murder is my business.
   R563070.

 Museum without walls.
   LP42918.
   LP42922 - LP42927.

 Musical memories.
   R555072.

 Mutations.
   MU8783.

 Mutual of Omaha.
   MP24715.
   MP24716.
   MP24717.

 Mutual of Omaha's Wild kingdom.
   MP24715
   MP24716.
   MP24717.

 My brother talks to horses.
   R561504.

 My brother's keeper.
   MP24398.

 My fair Buzzi.
   LP42604.

 My three sons.
   LP42434 - LP42454.
   LP42698.

 Mysterious Mister M.
   R558416 - R558428.

 Mysterious Mister Valentine.
   R557430.

 Mysto fox.
   R558299.


                                   N

 NBC mystery movie.
   LP42723 - LP42729.

 NBC News white paper.
   MP24628.
   MP24629.

 NBC reports.
   MP24133.
   MP24252 - MP24253.
   MP24297 - MP24300.

 NGC Television, Inc.
   R555112.

 Napoleon never wanted to be a cop.
   LP42502.

 Nasogastric intubation.
   MP24694.

 Nation within a nation.
   MP24142.

 National Broadcasting Company, Inc.
   MP24133.
   MP24156.
   MP24157.
   MP24252.
   MP24253.
   MP24297 - MP24300.
   MP24628.
   MP24629.
   MP24701.
   MP24723.

 National environment test.
   MP24575.

 National Foundation.
   MP24301.

 National General Pictures Corporation.
   LP42485.
   LP42492.
   LP42785.
   LP42786.

 National Geographic Society.
   MP24137.

 National Hockey League highlights.
   MP24390.

 National Hockey League Services, Inc.
   MP24390.
   MP24467.

 National Safety Council. Long Beach Chapter.
   MP24541.

 National School Boards Association.
   MP24134.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   R557267.
   R557419 - R557421.
   R557431 - R557439.
   R561383 - R561388.
   R563060 - R563082.

 Nature and electricity.
   MP24184.

 Nature of the financial function and the roles of financial executives.
   MP24294.

 Nature's atom bomb.
   R563289.

 Navajo Kid.
   R561387.

 Nematode.
   MP24163.

 Neurotic behavior: a psychodynamic view.
   MP24623.

 Never say goodbye.
   R562334.

 Never trust an honest man.
   LP42430.

 New Hampshire Network.
   MP24711.

 New Hampshire Network. Center for Creative Cinematography.
   MP24711.

 New testament.
   MU8764.

 NEWIST. Vocational Guidance Division.
   LP42691.
   LP42692.
   LP42693.
   LP42803.

 News of the day.
   R555104 - R555111.
   R556430 - R556438.
   R558522 - R558530.
   R560703 - R560710.
   R562545 - R562553.
   R564174.
   R565166 - R565173.

 News parade of 1945.
   R562969.

 News parade of 1946.
   R563284.

 Ngoma sindimba.
   MP24310.

 Nigeria — problems of nation building.
   MP24721.

 Night and day.
   R558102.

 Night gallery.
   LP42455 - LP42475.
   LP42721.
   LP42754 - LP42768.

 Nightingale Conant Corporation.
   MP24342.

 9.9 solution selling.
   MP24341.

 1972 National Hockey League highlights.
   MP24390.

 1973 cars: Low speed crash costs, foreign models.
   MP24135.

 1974 air conditioning air flow.
   MP24689.

 1974 air conditioning — refrigeration.
   MP24692.

 1974 Chrysler.
   MP24427.

 1974 Dodge Monaco.
   MP24424.

 1974 Imperial quality.
   MP24691.

 1974 Plymouth Fury.
   MP24425.

 98 / Regency.
   MP24351.

 No escape.
   R558301.

 No leave, no love.
   R557779.

 No man is an island.
   MP24220.

 Noah.
   LP42876.

 Nobody lives forever.
   R562331.

 Nobody loves a drunken Indian.
   LP42628.

 Noise not sound.
   MP24722.

 North American T. V. Productions, Inc.
   LP42912.

 North Shore News Company.
   MP24469.

 Northwest hounded police.
   R555323.

 Northwestern University, Evanston, IL.
   MP24542.
   MP24543.

 Norwegian fjord.
   MP24283.

 Not so easy.
   MP24153.

 Not so popular mechanics.
   LP42615.

 Notorious gentleman.
   R561403.


                                   O

 O. S. S.
   R556963.

 OSTI, Inc.
   SEE Organization for Social and Technical Innovation, Inc.

 Oak Valley, United States of America.
   MP24238.

 Oakley, Kenneth H.
   MP24624 - MP24627.

 Oberon Communications, Inc.
   LP42621.

 Of human bondage.
   R555069.

 Of thee I sting.
   R558105.

 Off road controversy.
   MP24547.

 Offensive basketball.
   MP24703.

 Office of Instructional Media, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute.
   SEE Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N. Y. Office of
      Instructional Media.

 Office practice.
   MP24680.
   MP24681.
   MP24685.

 Officer training.
   MP24401 - MP24404.
   MP24408 - MP24409.
   MP24411 - MP24412.

 Offset.
   LP42572.

 Ogle County, IL.
   F56506.

 Oh, say can you see.
   LP42530.

 O'Hara, United States Treasury.
   LP42554 - LP42572.

 Okay for sound.
   R562333.

 Oklahoma crude.
   LP42413.

 Old rustysides.
   LP42634.

 Old time cooking.
   MP24211.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corporation.
   SEE General Motors Corporation. Oldsmobile Division.

 Oldsmobile.
   MP24347 - MP24352.

 Olympiad.
   MU8780.

 Omaha / Orange Films.
   LP42745.

 Omega.
   MP24350.

 Omnicom Productions.
   MP24347 - MP24352.

 On board: a learning experience in school board problem solving.
   MP24134.

 On the eighth day.
   LU3663.

 On the line.
   MP24420.

 On with your life.
   MP24416.

 Once.
   LP42804.

 Once upon a chilling.
   LP42774.

 Once upon a wilderness.
   MP24237.

 One billion dollar weapon.
   MP24629.

 One chance for life.
   R555227.

 One for the road.
   MP24321.

 One little Indian.
   LP42703.

 One more tomorrow.
   R555066.

 Only one Russian is coming! Only one Russian is coming.
   LP42668.

 Only three to a bed.
   LP42553.

 O P E N beavers.
   MP24309.

 Operation.
   LP42554 - LP42572.

 Operation holiday.
   R563307.

 Oral hygiene for the orthodontic patient.
   MU8756.

 Orchid Films, Ltd.
   LP42407.

 Organization for Social and Technical Innovation, Inc.
   MP24217.
   MP24218.
   MP24219.

 Other way out.
   LP42768.

 Ounce of prevention.
   MU8767.

 Our American system of justice.
   MP24337.

 Our brave in F Troop.
   LP42662.

 Our class.
   LP42590.

 Our hearts were growing up.
   R555360.

 Ours is a tropic land.
   MP24564.

 Out of control.
   R558292.

 Outfit.
   LP42880.

 Outlaws of Sherwood Forest.
   R562632.

 Outside man.
   LP42792.

 Over the seas to Belfast.
   R558036.

 Oxygen: preparing and testing.
   MP24261.


                                   P

 P E A.
   SEE Produzioni Europee Associate, S. A. S.

 P. R. C. Pictures, Inc.
   R557267.
   R557421.
   R557431 - R557439.
   R561383 - R561385.
   R561387 - R561388.
   R563060 - R563065.
   R563070 - R563082.

 Painted mirror.
   LP42467.

 Painting: a visual record.
   MP24273.

 Panel Film Productions.
   MP24296.

 Panfilms.
   MP24399.
   MP24400.

 Paper moon.
   LP42410.

 Papillon.
   LU3661.

 Papillon Partnership.
   LU3661.

 Pappanikolaou, George.
   LU3660.

 Paracentesis (abdominal)
   MP24693.

 Parachute peril.
   R558424.

 Paramount news.
   R555470 - R555478.
   R556064.
   R556065.
   R556222.
   R556223.
   R557303.
   R557304.
   R557511 - R557514.
   R557729.
   R557878.
   R558281.
   R558282.
   R558283.
   R559101.
   R559295.
   R559296.
   R559866.
   R559867.
   R560763.
   R560764.
   R560765.
   R560927.
   R561719 - R561722.
   R563089 - R563092.
   R563096.
   R563097.
   R564004.
   R564005.
   R564833.
   R564834.
   R564835.
   R565207.
   R565208.
   R565505.
   R565506.
   R565507.

 Paramount Pictures Corporation.
   LP42410.
   LP42412.
   LP42619.
   LP42844.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   R555360.
   R555470 - R555478.
   R556064 - R556065.

 Pardon my terror.
   R565223.

 Parents — who needs them.
   MP24324.

 Partners in time.
   R557855.

 Partridge Family.
   LP42796.
   LP42797.
   LP42798.

 Parts.
   MP24550.

 Party to the crime.
   LP42519.

 Paskert, Theodore Thomas.
   MP24398.

 Pathe Industries, Inc.
   R563066.

 Patricia.
   LP42853.

 Patrick.
   LP42486.

 Patrol procedures.
   MP24401.
   MP24402.

 Pattee, Rowena.
   MU8722.

 Patterson, Donald D.
   MU8857.

 Patterson, Georgia.
   MU8769.

 Pay off.
   LP42569.

 Pay your Buffalo Bill.
   LP42841.

 Payday.
   LP42587.

 Peace is our profession.
   LP42403.
   LP42404.

 Peanuts.
   LP42443.

 Pebble Beach — The U. S. Open 1972.
   LP42695.

 Pecking holes in poles.
   LP42733.

 Penny for his thoughts.
   LP42798.

 People.
   MP24590.

 People with colostomies.
   MP24418.

 Percentage.
   LP42889.

 Perfect marriage.
   LP42812.
   R556961.

 Performance of skills: The Pyramidal system.
   MU8649.

 Perils of the forest.
   R562633.

 Personal service.
   LP42715.

 Personality kid.
   R558296.

 Personnel hiring and orientation.
   MU8708.

 Perspective Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.
   SEE Esquire, Inc. Perspective Films.

 Pete 'n' Tillie.
   LP42744.

 Pete, Pearl and the Pole.
   LP42870.

 Petitclerc, Grace M.
   MP24640.

 Phantom farmhouse.
   LP42721.

 Phantom of Herald Square.
   LP42800.

 Phantom of what opera.
   LP42456.

 Phillips, Ron.
   LP42930.

 Phillips (Ron) Associates.
   LP42930.

 Phillips / Sandler.
   LP42930.

 Philosophy: the questions of man.
   MP24275.

 Physician, heal thyself.
   LP42632.

 Picasso: War, peace, love.
   LP42919.

 Pickman's model.
   LP42465.

 Picnic Films, Inc.
   MP24306.

 Picnic panic.
   R555232.

 Picture pioneer.
   R558138.

 Pierre Productions, Inc.
   LP42873.

 Pig in a blanket.
   LP42895.

 Pink pills and purple parents.
   LP42929.

 Pinto Nellie and Cowboy Lindy performing their trick routine.
   MU8656.

 Pioneer Hi-Bred International, Inc.
   MP24549.

 Planing the edge of a board.
   MP24436.

 Planned Parenthood Center of Tucson, Inc.
   LP42871.

 Planning the financial needs of the company.
   MP24205.

 Plant and animal ecology.
   MP24513.

 Plastic journey.
   MP24391.

 Playing by ear.
   R565935.

 Please come.
   MP24400.

 Pluto's housewarming.
   R557921.

 Poet and the peasant.
   R558141.

 Poetry: the essence of being human.
   MP24316.

 Pointer, Ray.
   LP42408.
   LP42409.
   LP42488.

 Polaris Productions, Inc.
   LP42910.

 Police training.
   MP24702.

 Pollack, Sidney.
   LP42789.

 Polly the pigeon.
   LP42438.

 Pope, Lillian.
   MP24255.
   MP24334.

 Portland General Electric Company.
   MU8675.
   MU8676.
   MU8765.
   MU8766.

 Portland State University (OR).
   MP24354.

 Portland State University Television Services.
   MP24354.

 Portrait of an election, 1972.
   MP24484.

 Position and keystroke.
   MP24686.

 Power phrases and premium dollars.
   MP24373.

 Power to stop.
   MU8802.

 Prasad, Meher.
   MP24718.
   MP24719.

 Prairie rustlers.
   R561385.

 Preparatory techniques for Gravlee Jet Washer endometrial specimens.
   LP42375.

 Prevention and control of dental disease.
   MU8756.

 Price, John M.
   MP24470.

 Price (John M.) Films, Inc.
   MP24470.

 Priest killer.
   LP42780.

 Primary safety: on the way to school.
   MP24648.

 Prime number division algorithm.
   MP24175.

 Princess and the pearls.
   LP42907.

 Priority one.
   MU8711.

 Pritt is so much neater than liquid glues.
   MP24322.

 Pro 60.
   MU8807.

 Probability and its uses.
   MP24269.

 Probst, Charles O.
   MP24589.

 Process type, centrifugal pump maintenance.
   MP24128.

 Productions Artistes Associes.
   LP42750.

 Productions Artistes Associes, S. A.
   LP42550.

 Produzioni Europee Associate.
   LP42551.

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S. A. S.
   LP42550.
   LP42750.

 Professional educational program of the American Cancer Society.
   MP24415.

 Professional Selling Institute, Inc.
   MP24359 - MP24373.

 Professor Peabody's last lecture.
   LP42462.

 Profit maximization.
   MP24457.
   MP24462.

 Profit planning with budgetary controls.
   MP24293.

 Program building techniques.
   MP24169.

 Program testing techniques.
   MP24170.

 Proinca.
   MU8724.

 Project Bilingual.
   LP42589 - LP42593.

 Promis Laboratory.
   MP24634.

 Promis: the problem oriented medical information system.
   MP24634.

 Protractor.
   MP24553.

 Proxy parents.
   LP42440.

 Psst! Wanna buy a dirty picture.
   LP42510.

 Psychic surgery in the Philippines.
   MU8655.

 Public Media, Inc.
   MP24283.
   MP24284.

 Public service.
   LP42711.

 Pumice Finance Company, N. V.
   LP42587.

 Pumpkin people.
   LP42699.

 Purloined pup.
   R556654.

 Push over the edge.
   LP42512.

 Put down.
   MP24483.

 Put it in writing.
   MP24428.

 Pyramidal system.
   MU8649.


                                   Q

 Quality Bakers of America Cooperative, Inc.
   MP24211 - MP24216.

 Quechua village in the Andes.
   MU8724.

 Quest Film Productions, Ltd.
   LF122.

 Question of fear.
   LP42460.

 Quicksilver.
   LP42515.

 Quiet day in Dodge.
   LP42845.

 Quoth the raven.
   LP42466.


                                   R

 RKF.
   LP42869.

 RKO General, Inc.
   R560797 - R560805.

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   R557096.
   R557419.
   R560797 - R560805.

 Raack, R. C.
   MU8721.

 Racketeer rabbit.
   R562346.

 Radio characters of 1946.
   R560947.

 Radnitz / Mattel Productions, Inc.
   LP42917.

 Rage.
   LP42884.

 Ragir, Marshall.
   MP24651.

 Rain, rain, go away.
   LP42742.

 Rainbows and spectrums.
   MP24506.

 Rake off.
   LP42556.

 Ranch in white.
   R562337.

 Random method.
   MP24179.

 Random method performance.
   MP24180.

 Rank Film Distributors, Ltd.
   R557176.
   R557858 - R557860.
   R561403 - R561404.
   R565646 - R565647.

 Rapids.
   MP24214.

 Rare objects.
   LP42764.

 Rastar Productions, Inc.
   LP42789.

 Raybar Technical Films, Inc.
   MP24422.

 Reach for the sky, pardner.
   LP42677.

 Reader's Digest.
   LP42552.

 Real Mister M.
   R558428.

 Real world of insects.
   LP42908.
   MP24271.
   MP24581.

 Reckless driver.
   R558118.

 Recreation.
   LP42710.

 Recruiter.
   MP24577.

 Recruiting interview.
   LP42784.

 Red dragon.
   R555467.

 Red fox.
   MU8800.

 Red River renegades.
   R557424.

 Reels and Realty Films Company, Inc.
   MP24648.

 Reference and study skills.
   MP24286.

 Reformation: age of revolt.
   MP24160.

 Refraction, dispersion and resonance.
   MP24136.

 Regents of the University of California.
   SEE University of California. Regents.

 Reluctant draggin'.
   LP42652.

 Reluctant mutiny.
   LP42643.

 Reluctant recruit.
   LP42479.

 Rendezvous with Annie.
   R557422.

 Rendezvous with murder.
   R562627.

 Renegades.
   R555228.

 Reno - vated.
   R565222.

 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N. Y.
   MP24136.

 Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy, N. Y. Office of Instructional
    Media.
   MP24136.

 Replacement.
   LP42646.

 Repix, Inc.
   R554753 - R554756.
   R557422 - R557430.

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   R554753 - R554756.
   R557422 - R557430.
   R561386.
   R563067 - R565069.

 Rescue dog.
   R561866.

 Research skills.
   MP24684.

 Rest room cleaning procedures.
   MP24151.

 Resurrection of Eve.
   MP24595.

 Retrieval from sequential organization.
   MP24173.

 Return of Rusty.
   R555230.

 Return of the sorcerer.
   LP42763.

 Return of Wrongo Starr.
   LP42687.

 Return on investment as a management tool.
   MP24207.

 Return to Devil's Hole.
   LP42423.

 Revenge.
   LP42717.

 Rhapsody rabbit.
   R565045.

 Rhythm and weep.
   R562634.

 Rhythm of the marsh.
   MU8674.

 Richards Manufacturing Company.
   MP24254.
   MP24339.

 Riding Hannefords.
   R555071.

 Ring out, ring in.
   LP42509.

 Ring with the red velvet ropes.
   LP42759.

 Ripping on the circular saw.
   MP24434.

 Ritt, Martin.
   LP42744.

 River.
   LP42867.
   LP42868.

 Roach, Frank.
   MP24722.

 Robin Hood.
   LP42905.

 Robson, Mark.
   LP42745.

 Roc bird and the rescue.
   LP42906.

 Rocinante.
   MP24484.

 Rock- a- bye reluctant.
   LP42644.

 Rockefeller University, New York.
   MP24210.

 Rockefeller University Press.
   MP24210.

 Rocket to Mars.
   R558099.

 Rod Serling's night gallery.
   LP42455 - LP42475.

 Rodeo.
   R565226.

 Rodeo Romeo.
   R558103.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   LP42548.
   LP42826.
   LP42885.
   R563095.

 Roiphe, Anne Richardson.
   LP42485.

 Romance of the West.
   R563065.

 Romantic Mother Goose.
   MP24131.

 Root of it all.
   LP42427.

 Rose, Jack T.
   SEE Sigma Seven Productions.

 Rosenquist, J. Wesley.
   LP42757.

 Rosner, John T.
   MU8767.

 Roughly squeaking.
   R565043.

 Roundup.
   LP42401.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   MP24317 - MP24319.
   MP24423 - MP24428.
   MP24592.
   MP24687 - MP24691.

 Rude intruder.
   LP42731.

 Rufino Tamayo — the sources of his art.
   MP24548.

 Run to earth.
   R560932.

 Runaround.
   R560626.

 Rural rhapsody.
   R560633.
   R563316.

 Rustler's roundup.
   R560651.


                                   S

 Sacrament.
   MP24338.

 Safe source.
   MU8765.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   LP42411.

 Sail around the world with five men and a girl.
   MP24265.

 Saint John Nepomucene Church, NY.
   SEE Panfilms.

 Sales grid, 9.9 solution selling.
   MP24341.

 Sales grid, what it is, how it works.
   MP24340.

 Saletri, Frank R.
   LP42874.

 Sallette, Willie J.
   MU8775.

 Samson Junior.
   R560632.

 San Antonio Independent School District.
   LP42589 - LP42593.

 San Diego County Off Road Vehicle Advisory Committee.
   MP24547.

 Sandy (Bill) Company, Inc.
   LP42749.
   MU8708 - MU8720.
   MU8784 - MU8799.
   MU8801 - MU8802.

 Sanford Productions, Inc.
   LP42584.

 Santa, the yule charioteer.
   LU366O.

 Saparoff Films, Inc. Dana Productions.
   MP24220.

 Sarah.
   LP42860.

 Sarge.
   LP42501 - LP42502.
   LP42508 - LP42519.

 Satchmo and all that jazz.
   MP24141.

 Satisfaction guaranteed.
   LP42457.

 Saturday House, Inc.
   MP24477.

 Savin, Lee.
   LP42829.

 Scale.
   MP24558.

 Scandal in Paris.
   R563093.

 Scarecrow.
   LP42928.

 Scene East.
   LP42804.

 Schaefer, Robert.
   LP42401.

 Schindel, Morton.
   LP42486 - LP42487.
   LP42585.

 Schooner the better.
   R556556.

 Schulz (Charles M.) Creative Associates.
   LP42787.

 Schwartz, Lillian.
   MU8777 - MU8783.
   MU8858.

 Schwarz, Leonard C.
   MP24632.
   MP24633.

 Science and superstition.
   MP24267.

 Science Curriculum Improvement Study.
   MP24566.

 Scientifically stung.
   R560583.

 Scott, Ethan A.
   MP24303.

 Scott goes to the hospital.
   MP24630.

 Screen Education Enterprises, Inc.
   MP24282.

 Screen Gems, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   SEE Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   R555232 - R555233.
   R556555 - R556556.
   R558299.
   R562626.

 Screen snapshots.
   R555236.
   R560947.
   R562640.
   R565226.

 Script teas.
   R560606.

 Scripture stories in sign language.
   LP42876.

 Sea.
   MP24215.

 Sea of grass.
   R565936.

 Seal on the loose.
   LP42476.

 Search for the angel shark.
   MP24717.

 Seat belt starter interlock.
   MP24690.

 Second banana.
   LP42452.

 Secondari (John H.) Productions, Ltd.
   LP42624.

 Secret heart.
   R565237.

 Secret of the whistler.
   R565213.

 Securities.
   MP24471.

 Selecting a key transformation technique.
   MP24176.

 Self winding sidewinder.
   LP42840.

 Selling, Bernard.
   MP24314.

 Selling Camaro.
   MU8786.

 Selling Chevelle.
   MU8789.

 Selling Corvette.
   MU8785.

 Selling Impala / Caprice.
   MU8792.

 Selling interiors and options.
   MU8793.

 Selling is a profession.
   MP24371.

 Selling Monte Carlo.
   MU8788.

 Selling Nova.
   MU8791.

 Selling pension plans.
   MP24369.

 Selling sportlines.
   MU8784.

 Selling total truck value.
   MU8794.

 Selling Vega.
   MU8790.

 Selling wagons.
   MU8787.

 Seltzer, David.
   MP24563.

 Separating the elements of water.
   LP24264.

 Sergeant and the kid.
   LP42661.

 Series of greats.
   MP24359 - MP24373.

 Sermon from science.
   MP24544.

 Serras, Nick.
   MP24306.

 Service advisors.
   MU8709.

 Service department training.
   MU8716.

 Setting up.
   MP24556.
   MP24561.

 Seventh veil.
   R557860.

 Shadler.
   LP42852.

 Shadow of a woman.
   R562330.

 Shadow of terror.
   R561388.

 Shadowed.
   R560937.

 Shadows in the night.
   R560931.

 Shadows on the snow.
   MP24683.

 Shaft in Africa.
   LP42625.

 Shaft Productions, Ltd.
   LP42625.

 Shaftel (Josef) Productions, Ltd.
   LP42828.

 Shaw, Jan Rene.
   LU3663.

 She wolf of London.
   R560620.

 She wrote the book.
   R560622.

 She'll be company for you.
   LP42766.

 Shoe must go on.
   LP42494.

 Shoot / don't shoot.
   MP24404.
   MP24702.

 Shopping 2.
   MU8661.

 Shopping 3.
   MU8757.

 Short fuse.
   LP42499.

 Short story showcase.
   MP24335 - MP24336.

 Show biz beagle.
   LP42737.

 Show number 11.
   MP24304.

 Show number 12.
   MP24305.

 Showers of America.
   MU8808.

 Showoff.
   R556821.

 Shri Hans Productions.
   MP25465.

 Sidaris Company.
   LP42489.

 Siege of Bullard Hall.
   R565214.

 Sierra Club.
   MP24547.

 Sigma Seven Productions.
   LP42618.

 Signet Productions, Inc.
   MP24160.

 Silent snow, secret snow.
   LP42721.

 Silent target.
   LP42514.

 Silent tweetment.
   R562626.

 Sinai.
   MP24297.

 Since Aunt Ada came to stay.
   LP42458.

 Sing and be happy.
   R560602.

 Sing while you dance.
   R556549.

 Singing Mountie.
   LP42674.

 Singing on the trail.
   R560933.

 Single Concepts Productions, Inc.
   MP24255.
   MP24334.

 Sins of the fathers.
   LP42474.
   MP24253.

 Sister Kenny.
   R560805.

 Six gun man.
   R563063.
   R563075.

 Sixth sense.
   LP42769 - LP42779.
   LP42909.

 60 minutes.
   MP24666 - MP24678.

 Skinner, John Charles.
   LP42717.

 Skipping deodorant.
   MP24440.

 Slams.
   LP42791.

 Slappily married.
   R565219.

 Sleepy time Donald.
   R561867.

 Slifman, Eileen B.
   MP24354.

 Slightly scandalous.
   R560645.

 Slum lord.
   LP42824.

 Small world of ships.
   MU8804.

 Smile, please.
   LP42757.

 Smith, Terrence Lore.
   LP42783.

 Smoke screen.
   LP42560.

 Smooth as silk.
   R560611.

 Snap happy traps.
   R555233.

 Sneakwence.
   MU8803.

 Snow goose.
   LP42781.

 So dark the night.
   R562630.

 So many voices.
   MP24389.

 Society for Preservation of New England Antiquities.
   MP24711.

 Society mugs.
   R565220.

 Sodbusters.
   LP42858.

 Solar Productions, Inc.
   LP42785.

 Solid serenade.
   R558034.

 Solitary man.
   LP42618.

 Solving selling problems and professionalism in selling.
   MP24366.

 Something in the woodwork.
   LP42760.

 Son of "eight" in every port.
   LP42655.

 Son of the guardsman.
   R565212.
   R565214 - R565216.
   R562632 - R562633.

 Song of old Wyoming.
   R561383.

 Song of the South.
   R557922.

 Song to thee: Divine Androgyne.
   MU8722.

 So's your antenna.
   R562636.

 Sounder.
   LP42917.

 Sources of funds.
   MP24287.

 South of Monterrey.
   R555074.

 Southern Illinois University, Carbondale.
   MP24307.

 Southwest Indian arts and crafts.
   MP24326.

 Space allocation and cataloging.
   MP24453.

 Space to be me.
   MP24439.

 Spare parts.
   LP42799.

 Special place.
   LP42875.

 Spectre in tap shoes.
   LP42767.

 Spectrum Films.
   MP24268.

 Speight, Johnny.
   LP42521 - LP42544.

 Spellbound.
   R557095.

 Spider woman strikes back.
   R560616.

 Spiral staircase.
   R557096.

 Spokey the clown and his magic bike.
   MP24282.

 Spook who sat by the door.
   LP42801.

 Sports Films and Talents, Inc.
   MP24713.

 Sports training series.
   MP24621.
   MP24631.

 Spread.
   LP42563.

 Spring.
   LP42408 - LP42409.

 Stacey.
   LP42489.

 Stagecoach outlaws.
   R557267.

 Stagecoach seven.
   LP42425.

 Stake in the future.
   MU8658.

 Standing up country.
   MU8861.

 Stanley Cup '72.
   MP24467.

 Stanton Films.
   MP24235 - MP24238.

 Stanton, Thomas J.
   MP24235 - MP24238.

 Star spangled city.
   R562340.
   R565046.

 Stark, Ray.
   LP42789.

 Stark, Richard.
   LP42880.

 State lawmakers.
   MP24281.

 Steam Farms, Incorporated — a geothermal energy story.
   MU8776.

 Steelyard blues.
   LP42883.

 Steelyard Blues Productions, Inc.
   LP42883.

 Step by step.
   R560801.

 Stepping stones in space.
   MP24145.

 Sterling, J. T.
   MP24354.

 Stirrups and hiccups.
   LP42842.

 Stolen life.
   R555068.

 Stop killing me.
   LP42472.

 Story of Eric.
   MP24563.

 Story of menstruation.
   R564909.

 Straight shooters.
   R561865.

 Strange and terrible times.
   MP24157.

 Strange collision.
   R558422.

 Strange conquest.
   R560621.

 Strange fate of Conrad Meyer Zulick.
   LP42581.

 Strange impersonation.
   R563068.

 Strange voyage.
   R561687.

 Strangler of the swamp.
   R56306O.

 Strategy and tactics.
   MP24441.

 Subtraction facts.
   MP24333.

 Such a gorgeous kid like me.
   LP42788.

 Suitable for framing.
   LP42506.

 Summer house.
   LP42833.

 Sun, wind and rain.
   MP24132.

 Sunset in El Dorado.
   R554755.

 Sunset pass.
   R560799.

 Super chief.
   LP42650.

 Superfly, Ltd.
   LP42547.

 Super Fly T. N. T.
   LP42547.

 Superstructure of truth.
   MU8673.

 Super X model 1.
   MP24708.

 Supply and demand.
   MP24461.

 Sure cures.
   R561505.

 Surgical technique of the Marmor modular knee system.
   MP24339.

 Survival of the fittest.
   LP42688.

 Suspense.
   R561686.

 Sutherland Learning Associates.
   LP42589 - LP42593.
   MP24546.

 Sutherland Learning Associates, Inc.
   LP42704 - LP42716.

 Svensk Filmindustri.
   LP42520.

 Swing parade of 1946.
   R557007.

 Swingin' down the scale.
   R560625.


                                   T

 TAO Films.
   LP42717.

 TV triplets.
   LP42447.

 Table look-up techniques.
   MP24443.

 Take the pledge.
   MU8773.

 Take time out for life.
   MP24421.

 Takin' the breaks.
   R560614.

 Talbot.
   LP42849.

 Talent Associates - Norton Simon, Inc.
   LP42723 - LP42729.

 Talmi, Akiva.
   LU3658.

 Tamarind Lithography Workshop, Inc.
   MP24638.

 Tandem Productions, Inc.
   LP42521 - LP42544.
   LP42783.
   LP42805 - LP42824.

 Tangier.
   R560613.

 Tara.
   LP42748.

 Tarzan and the leopard woman.
   R555112.

 Tatiana Films, Inc.
   LP42785.

 Tatum.
   LP42864.

 Taylor, James.
   MP24634.

 Teaching Films, Inc., division of A V Corporation.
   SEE A V Corporation. Teaching Films, Inc.

 Teaching is.
   MP24346.

 Teatro de la Esperanza, Inc.
   LP42878.

 Techniques and aids.
   MP24187 - MP24194.

 Techniques for handling synonyms.
   MP24178.

 Telemated Motion Pictures.
   MP24276.

 Tell David.
   LP42468.

 Temptation.
   R563305.

 Ten days that shook Kid Curry.
   LP42582.

 Ten miles to the gallop.
   LP42843.

 Ten pin magic.
   R562639.

 Ten years to tomorrow.
   MP24155.

 Terminal case of vengence.
   LP42508.

 Termites: architects of the underground.
   LP42908.

 Terr, Arthur L.
   MP24255.

 Terrible news.
   MP24229.

 Terror trail.
   R564211.

 Texaco, Inc.
   MP24277.

 Thalamus and cortex.
   MU8650.

 Thank you.
   MP24697.

 That's show biz.
   LP42666.

 Theater of blood.
   LP42700.

 There aren't anymore McBanes.
   LP42473.

 There was a crooked man.
   LP42629.

 They came to rob LasVegas.
   LF121.

 They were sisters.
   R557859.

 Thief who came to dinner.
   LP42783.

 Things in air affect us.
   MP24500.

 Thinking about drinking.
   MP24395.

 Third World Productions.
   MU8775.

 Thirtyfive Sixteen Washington, D. C.
   LP42931.

 This golden land.
   LP42850.

 This way to the White House.
   MP24143.

 Thompson, Darrell.
   MP24634.

 Thompson, Jim.
   LP42785.

 Thompson, Rod.
   MP24714.

 Thomsen (Les) Productions.
   MP24640.

 Thoracentesis.
   MP24696.

 Thornhill.
   LP42793.
   LP42794.
   LP42795.

 Threat.
   LP42540.

 Three ages.
   LP42548.

 Three families of Malaysia.
   MP24649.

 Three for school.
   LP42448.

 Three little bruins make mischief.
   R563285.

 Three loan wolves.
   R556557.

 3M Company.
   LP42699.

 Three quick selling ideas.
   MP24361.

 Three rhythms.
   MP24277.

 Thrill of Brazil.
   R560939.

 Thrills of music.
   R560945.
   R562637.
   R565224.

 Through a flame, darkly.
   LP42772.

 Throwing on the wheel: centering, opening and raising.
   MP24585.

 Thunder town.
   R563074.

 Ticket.
   LP42818.

 Till death do us part.
   LP42723.

 Till death us do part.
   LP42521 - LP42544.

 Till the end of time.
   R560800.

 Tilton, Roger.
   MU8723.
   MU8861.

 Tilton (Roger) Films, Inc.
   MU8723.

 Time, Inc.
   LP42915.
   MP24706.
   MP24707.

 Time / Life Video.
   LP42915.

 Time of terror.
   LP42834.

 Time of their lives.
   R560649.

 Time out for life.
   MP24356.

 Tin soldiers.
   LP42932.

 Tiny terrors of the timberland.
   R560624.

 Titan Productions.
   LP42827.

 To be somebody.
   MP24314.

 To each his own.
   R556962.

 To God.
   MU8769.

 To the top of Everest.
   MP24266.

 Tom Sawyer.
   LP42552.

 Tonight's the night.
   MU8717.

 Tornado.
   MU8857.

 Toronado.
   MP24348.

 Touch of madness.
   LP42830.

 Toyota Motor Sales, U. S. A., Inc.
   LP42875.

 Tracheal intubation.
   MP24240.

 Traffic with the Devil.
   R558035.

 Train robbers.
   LP42911.

 Training: a view from the top.
   MP24154.

 Transportation.
   LP42716.

 Treasure from the sea.
   R561868.

 Treasury Productions.
   LP42554 - LP42572.

 Triangle Film Corporation.
   LP42790.

 Trick baby.
   LP42719.

 Trinity Productions, Inc.
   R554772.

 Tripping with Terwilliger.
   MP24397.

 Trog.
   LP42914.

 Troll Associates.
   MP24485 - MP24536.

 Trouble shooters.
   MU8771.

 Trout stream.
   MP24216.

 Truth of fiction.
   MP24584.

 Tuller, Neil.
   MP24358.

 Tumbleweed tempos.
   R563302.

 Tune in Dan's Cafe.
   LP42455.

 Turn for the nurse.
   LP42654.

 Turtle people.
   MP24698.

 Tutorial highlights.
   MP24255.

 Twain, Mark, pseud.
   SEE Clemens, Samuel Langhorne.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corporation.
   R563095.

 Twice as much.
   MU8662.

 Twins.
   MP24278.

 Two cities.
   LP42624.

 Two farms: Hungary — Wisconsin.
   MP24582.

 Two guys from Milwaukee.
   R558101.

 Two in Tokyo.
   MP24590.

 Two people.
   LP42743.

 Two towns.
   LP42623.

 Typing skills.
   MP24679.
   MP24686.


                                   U

 U F A Filmkunst.
   R565504.

 Uhl, Vincent A.
   MP24234.

 Ultimate experimental animal: man.
   MP24298.

 Ulzana's raid.
   LP42718.

 Under Arizona skies.
   R561683.

 Undercover cook.
   LP42657.

 Undercurrent.
   R561012.

 Understanding measurement.
   MP24489.

 Understanding motion.
   MP24491.

 Understanding time.
   MP24490.

 Understanding weight and mass.
   MP24492.

 Unexpected answer — homage to Magritte.
   LU3656.

 Unhandy man.
   LP42478.

 United Artists Corporation.
   LP42493 - LP42498.
   LP42550 - LP42552.
   LP42627.
   LP42697.
   LP42701.
   LP42751 - LP42753.
   LP42801 - LP42802.
   LP42825.
   LP42840 - LP42843.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   R555066 - R555075.
   R558099 - R558107.
   R562330 - R562346.
   R565041 - R565047.

 United Feature Syndicate, Inc.
   LP42787.

 U. S. Department of Agriculture, Forest Service.
   LP42875.

 U. S. Department of the Interior.
   MP24162.

 United States Golf Association.
   LP42695.

 United States Pictures, Inc.
   R560762.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   LP42455 - LP42475.
   LP42499 - LP42519.
   LP42553.
   LP42573 - LP42583.
   LP42721.
   LP42723 - LP42729.
   LP42754 - LP42781.
   LP42881.
   LP42909.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. E M K A.
   R555360.
   R556961 - R556963.
   R560644.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Education and Visual Arts.
   SEE Universal Education and Visual Arts.

 Universal Education and Visual Arts.
   LP42918 - LP42927.

 Universal newsreel.
   R558114 - R558117.
   R558119 - R558136.
   R558142 - R558147.
   R558150 - R558151.
   R560579 - R560581.
   R560584 - R560593.
   R560596 - R560600.
   R560608 - R560610.
   R560629.
   R560636 - R560643.
   R563290 - R563300.
   R563308 - R563311.
   R563314 - R563315.
   R564818 - R564825.

 Universal Pictures.
   LP42476 - LP42484.
   LP42718 - LP42720.
   LP42731 - LP42745.
   LP42869.
   R558108 - R558151.
   R560578 - R560643.
   R560645 - R560652.
   R563288 - R563316.
   R564818 - R564825.

 Universal Pictures Company, Inc.
   R557176.
   R557859 - R557860.
   R558108 - R558152.
   R558416 - R558428.
   R560578 - R560643.
   R560645 - R560652.
   R561403.
   R563288 - R563304.
   R563306 - R563316.
   R564818 - R564825.
   R565646 - R565647.

 Universal - Public Arts Productions.
   LP42418 - LP42431.
   LP42730.

 Universal Television.
   LP42781.

 University of California at Los Angeles. Media Center.
   MP24712.

 University of California. Regents.
   MP24566.
   MP24712.
   MP24720.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor.
   MP24391.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Audio Visual Education Center.
   MP24391.

 University of Michigan, Ann Arbor. Department of Mechanical
    Engineering.
   MP24391.

 University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill. School of Medicine.
    Department of Anesthesiology.
   MP24240.

 Unknown.
   R556548.

 Unlucky potluck.
   LP42732.

 Unpleasant feelings.
   LP42592.

 Unwelcome aboard.
   LP42656.

 Up the sandbox.
   LP42485.

 Upjohn Company.
   LP42375.
   LP42376.

 Upjohn Vanguard of Medicine.
   LP42376.

 Uses.
   MP24554.
   MP24559.

 Using Chrysler Corporation safety belts.
   MP24688.

 Using drills in woodworking.
   MP24433.

 Using J C L procedures.
   MP24449.

 Using squares.
   MP24429.

 Utilities.
   MP24195 - MP24202.


                                   V

 V for Vashon.
   LP42899 - LP42901.

 V is for vampire.
   LP42665.

 Vallejo, Bernardo.
   MU8724.

 Valley Forge.
   MU8664.

 Valoria Films.
   LP42828.

 Valves: what they are and how they work.
   MP24534.

 Vandalism: what and why.
   MP24482.

 Vanguard Films, Inc.
   R557095.

 Vanished Vikings.
   MP24379.
   MP24380.

 Varieties of English.
   MP24226.

 Vault of horror.
   LP42588.

 Venereal disease: the hidden epidemic.
   MP24167.

 Verdict.
   R565041.

 Verdon Productions, Ltd.
   LP42786.

 Veriation Films.
   MP24632.
   MP24633.

 Very special child.
   MP24414.

 Vibrato Soundfilms.
   MP24280.

 Video Films, Inc.
   MU8774.

 Vietnam epilogue.
   MP24144.

 Vietnam: voices in opposition.
   MP24579.

 Vik Winkle Productions, Inc.
   MP24540.
   MP24541.

 Violin maker.
   MP24307.

 Visual Instruction Productions, a department of Victor Kayfetz
    Productions, Inc.
   SEE Kayfetz (Victor) Productions, Inc. Visual Instruction
      Productions.

 Visual Learning Corporation.
   MP24457 - MP24466.

 Vital link with the road.
   MU8774.

 Vitaphone Corporation.
   R555070 - R555075.
   R558105 - R558107.
   R562333.
   R562335 - R562346.
   R560543 - R565047.

 Vocational Guidance Division, NEWIST.
   SEE NEWIST. Vocational Guidance Division.

 Voice.
   MP24399.

 Volcanic landscapes.
   MP24312.

 Votion (Jack William) Productions, Inc.
   R557855.

 Voyages of Sinbad the sailor.
   LP42906 - LP42907.


                                   W

 W and W Films.
   LP42695.

 WB, a Kinney National Company.
   LP42628.
   LP42629.

 WGN Continental Broadcasting Company.
   MP24231.
   MP24232.

 WSIV (Television station)
   MP24307.

 Wacky weed.
   R563312.

 Wadsworth Atheneum.
   MP24711.

 Wahl, Jan.
   LP42416.

 Waiting room.
   LP42471.

 Walk in the light.
   MP24250.

 Walky talky hawky.
   R558106.

 Walling, James I.
   LU3655.

 Wallis (Hal) Productions, Inc.
   R556961.

 Walls and walls.
   MP24635.

 Walls came tumbling down.
   R555231.

 Walter's fiftieth birthday.
   LP42805.

 Walter's secret.
   LP42809.

 Wanted for murder.
   R563095.

 War, Peace, Love.
   LP42919.

 Warm December.
   LP42786.

 Warner Brothers, Inc.
   LP42520.
   LP42584.
   LP42628.
   LP42782 - LP42783.
   LP42882 - LP42884.
   LP42910 - LP42913.
   LP42928.

 Warner Brothers Pictures, Inc.
   LP42630 - LP42690.
   R555066 - R555069.
   R558101 - R558102.
   R558104.
   R562330 - R562332.
   R562334.
   R565041.

 Warner Brothers Seven Arts, Inc.
   LP42629.
   LP42914.

 Washington, D. C., symbol of freedom.
   MP24345.

 Wasps: paper makers of the summer.
   MP24271.

 Wasserman, Dale.
   LP42551.

 Waste.
   LP42746.
   LP42747.

 Water and spirit.
   MP24338.

 Water from chemicals.
   MP24258.

 Way of our fathers.
   MP24185.

 Way we were.
   LP42789.

 Weed, Lawrence L.
   MP24634.

 Weetabix.
   MP24537.

 Wehlage, Edward F.
   MU8776.

 Weinstein, Frank M.
   MP24280.

 Wenzonsky (Pio) Productions.
   LP42916.

 Werrenrath, Elizabeth.
   MP24353.

 West goes ghost.
   LP42679.

 West of the Alamo.
   R561684.

 Western Society for Prepared Childbirth, Inc.
   SEE ASPO of Los Angeles, Inc.

 Westinghouse Electric Corporation.
   MU8720.

 Weston Woods.
   LP42486.
   LP42487.
   LP42586.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   LP42585.

 Westworld.
   LP42879.

 What are ecological systems.
   MP24485.

 What are you doing after the massacre.
   LP42663.

 What causes ecological change.
   MP24488.

 What causes rain.
   MP24497.

 What do seeds need to sprout.
   MP24650.

 What does air do.
   MP24499.

 What does heat do.
   MP24504.

 What does the sun do.
   MP24498.

 What every girl knows.
   MU8813.

 What happened at the XST.
   LP42577.

 What is a balanced ecological system.
   MP24487.

 What is a family.
   MP24620.

 What is a food chain.
   MP24486.

 What is air pollution.
   MP24511.

 What is conservation.
   MP24516.

 What is motion.
   MP24529.

 What is static electricity.
   MP24517.

 What is temperature.
   MP24501.

 What is wind.
   MP24496.

 What makes things move.
   MP24530.

 What makes things turn.
   MP24528.

 What pollutes the land and water.
   MP24510.

 What price health.
   MP24133.

 What stops motion.
   MP24531.

 What would happen if.
   MP24566.

 What would you do.
   MP24302.

 Whatever happened to Ernie.
   LP42446.

 Whatever happened to the old songs.
   LP42796.

 Whatever is fun.
   LP42546.

 What's a cop.
   MP24403.

 Wheat: from field to flour.
   MP24539.

 Wheeler Industries, Inc.
   MP24697.

 Whelan's men.
   LP42848.

 When a friend kills friend.
   R558423.

 When clocks chime death.
   R558416.

 When your hair shines.
   MP24247.

 Where did they go.
   MP24380.

 Which campus.
   MP24720.

 Which way did the war go.
   LP42640.

 Whisper.
   LP42761.

 White fire.
   LP42562.

 White fumes of fate.
   R556546.

 White lightning.
   LP42627.

 White sister.
   LP42827.

 White tie and tails.
   R563301.

 Whitewater.
   MP24699.

 Who is Guru Maharaj Ji.
   MP24565.

 Who makes words.
   MP24228.

 Whole earth's invisible colors.
   MP24589.

 Who's cookin' who.
   R560578.

 Why girls leave home.
   R561384.

 Why I sell life insurance.
   MP24364.

 Why we need each other.
   LP42416.

 Wicked lady.
   R565647.

 Widerberg (Bo) Film.
   LP42411.

 Wife of Monte Cristo.
   R563072.

 Wild beauty.
   R560648.

 Wild Bill Hiccup.
   LP42477.

 Wild kingdom.
   MP24715.
   MP24716.
   MP24717.

 Wiley (John) and Sons, Inc.
   MP24320.

 Wilkins, George, Jr.
   LP42407.

 Will Ross, Inc. Matheson Gas Products.
   MP24468.

 Will the real Mister Winkler please die.
   LP42887.

 Wilton, the kid.
   LP42686.

 Wings of courage.
   R560603.

 Winkle, Ed.
   SEE Vik Winkle Productions.

 Winter on an Indian reservation.
   MP24641.

 Wise and responsible consumership.
   MP24538.

 Wise, Robert.
   LP42743.

 Wiseman, Frederick.
   MP24217.
   MP24218.
   MP24219.

 Witches milk.
   LP42744.

 With affection, Jack the Ripper.
   LP42776.

 With apologies to Mr. Hyde.
   LP42458.

 Witness to a lynching.
   LP42576.

 Witness within.
   LP42775.

 Wojciechowsky, Agatha.
   MU8655.

 Wolfe, Swain.
   MP24229.

 Wolper Productions, Inc.
   MP24137.

 Woman who came back.
   R561386.

 Wonder dogs in action.
   R563283.

 Wood (Francis Carter) Inc.
   MP24708.

 Wood, Wendy.
   MP24711.

 Words that describe sounds.
   MP24325.

 Work habits and selling techniques.
   MP24360.

 Work habits, prospecting and how to get out of a slump.
   MP24368.

 Working with others.
   MP24680.

 Works and fun.
   MU8806.

 World Film Services, Ltd.
   LP42414.

 World of sports.
   R555238.
   R556564.
   R560944.
   R562639.
   R565227.

 World of structures.
   MP24329.

 World of the sea otter.
   MP24716.

 World premiere.
   LP42881.

 World's greatest lover.
   LP42648.

 Woroner Films, Inc.
   MP24401 - MP24413.
   MP24702.

 Wrong train to Brimstone.
   LP42420.

 Wulff, J. Jepson.
   MU8755.


                                   Y

 Yalalag: changing town.
   MU8860.

 Yankee craftsman.
   MP24711.

 Yellow bird.
   LP42680.

 Yorkin, Bud.
   LP42783.
   LP42805 - LP42817.
   LP42819 - LP42824.

 You can come up now, Mrs. Millikan.
   LP42757.

 You can't fool a fool.
   R556553.

 You can't get help like that anymore.
   LP42474.

 You don't have to kill to get rich — but it helps.
   LP42894.

 You'll like my mother.
   LP42720.

 Young country.
   LP42730.

 Young fingers on a typewriter: a new concept in learning.
   MP24640.

 Young, single and pregnant.
   MP24633.

 Your attitude.
   MP24685.

 Your credit is good.
   MP24378.

 Youth Department of G. C. of S. D. A.
   SEE General Conference of Seventh Day Adventists. Youth Department.


                                   Z

 Zero draft.
   MP24146.

 Zirbel, Frank Joseph.
   LU3654.

 Ziskin, Ronald.
   MU8803.

 Zoo's - eye view: dawn to dark.
   MP24168.

 Zulaski, Stan.
   MP24354.


           U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1974 O - 551=862




These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


  Copyright           Changed From                  Changed To
 Registration
   or Page
    Number

 LP42520      Svenski                      Svensk

 MP23696      MP23696                      MP24696

 MP246627     MP246627                     MP24627

 R447007      R447007                      R557007

 1. Corrected spelling, accents, grammar, hyphenation, and punctuation
    of names according to the following guidelines.
        ● The names of movies in the main Motion Pictures list
          determined usage unless all the Index entries indicate
          otherwise. See change list.
        ● The names of individuals and companies featured in the Index
          listing determined usage unless all of the Motion Pictures
          entries indicated otherwise. See change list.

 2. Silently corrected simple spelling, grammar, and typographical
    errors of other than names of movies, persons, and companies as
    mentioned previously.
 3. Otherwise retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as
    printed.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.
 5. Superscripts are denoted by a caret before a single superscript
    character or a series of superscripted characters enclosed in curly
    braces, e.g. M^r. or M^{ister}.
 6. Subscripts are denoted by an underscore before a series of
    subscripted characters enclosed in curly braces, e.g. H_{2}O.

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES THIRD
SERIES, VOLUME 27, PARTS 12-13, NUMBER 1 ***

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the
United States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for an eBook, except by following
the terms of the trademark license, including paying royalties for use
of the Project Gutenberg trademark. If you do not charge anything for
copies of this eBook, complying with the trademark license is very
easy. You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose such as creation
of derivative works, reports, performances and research. Project
Gutenberg eBooks may be modified and printed and given away--you may
do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks not protected
by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the trademark
license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country other than the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you will have to check the laws of the country where
  you are located before using this eBook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm website
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that:

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the manager of
the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. Contact the Foundation as set
forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org

Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non-profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's business office is located at 809 North 1500 West,
Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up
to date contact information can be found at the Foundation's website
and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without
widespread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine-readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our website which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This website includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.
